hoping i dont screw up this interview	0
i feel like a baby kangaroo stuck in its mothers pouch	1
girl ppl should be happy i even remembered her name i was gonna say heizi first	0
oh ,  the irony if misha wins the choice tv scene stealer award . 	2
i miss you to  ,  you so fake now	2
i miss you to  ,  you so fake now	4
i know	1
bacolod please ? !	0
things can change so quickly	1
all me &amp ;  vic do is laugh .  .  anybody outside lookin in would think were so fucking annoying	1
do u have to remind me i was bored right after we graduated	0
its ok love .  you are sweet ,  but i know you can be naughty when you want to be	0
nainai has said "bitch" twice in 4 minutes and its bothering me	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x60 , 178	0
impractical jokers its almost always on in our house!	0
my eyes are in pain .  cant get over the movie! urghhh!	1
daydrinking	0
genitin	0
like like like	0
eye need to get these brows done asap	1
i almost choked on my retainer just now	1
ms .  mendiola works miracles! shes so great	1
oh and parking dont even get me started on the parking out there	2
oh and parking dont even get me started on the parking out there	4
trying to stay my ass in the burbs but im getting city sick	1
oh my god riley is so cute	0
why doe	0
i cant wait to be on the beach tomorrow	0
- warrior basti also will have his claws cut . 	0
not bein selfish .  .  im only workin wit one arm	0
all females warriors fan because of the lightskin mixed nigga	2
all females warriors fan because of the lightskin mixed nigga	4
el gusto sur rtm now	0
its getting worse	1
people who dont vote ,  but complain about the results	0
the stuff sends me	4
congratulations on winning the senior also hutchy showed himself for what he is a diva &amp ;  a prick	2
im just thirsty for a notice gonna be honest	1
texas heat isnt a joke and this only the beginning	1
miss you to man! hit me up in like 5 days when im home! for good	0
miss you to man! hit me up in like 5 days when im home! for good	0
drama canim people are tweeting for another tag smh	2
drama canim people are tweeting for another tag smh	4
uzi be goin too !	0
happy birthday miss you mucho have a wonderful day!	0
/__ angle anyways bless ur so sweet	0
/__ angle anyways bless ur so sweet	1
last	1
talk to god before you sleep .  goodnyte sleep tight . 	0
sold out yung bts concert tickets! ?  great .  just great . 	1
cant wait to move in	1
needa hit more reps but	1
oomfs is just	0
love you mas	0
yeahh .  .  sunday means ,  its race day again! i cant wait no more!!! i wish the time would go by faster #dutchgp #motogp	0
yeahh .  .  sunday means ,  its race day again! i cant wait no more!!! i wish the time would go by faster #dutchgp #motogp	0
thank you for coming along mrs jalland! we hope you had fun too!	0
haha! who would you prefer for wales to play out of #hun or #bel  ? 	0
did i know them ?  ? 	0
i miss the phone calls when its your fault .  i miss the late nights ,  dont miss you at all	1
thats the name of the book dumdum	0
i have a love hate relationship with my homemade snickers	5
never used to mind ,  but its really starting to bug me that im always third / fifth wheeling couples ,  all the time	0
13 more days	1
stalking the boss like is my job	0
you dont even know bruh	1
fucking hate sly people	2
todays been a long and emotional day	1
cant wait to sleep  ,  perfect day to just be lazy !!!!	1
yes get it baby ,  tbh i just want them all	0
crying from disappointment is something serious .  . 	1
melanie is already 3 months	1
ill watch conjuring 2 alone ,  okay	0
as if not for one bro	0
a taste of jollof #replaceabooktitlewithjollof madam your own is even more banging sef	0
ahhh i love football	0
looks like someone already grabbed my new rip off clip . 	0
im just so excited	1
two longggg months of plannin for this day for hope ya had fun	0
all my money goes to chick fil a	1
damn i was boutta be lit are you going straight from seoul ? 	0
sa media landscape changes every year .  .  so exciting for those who seek change	2
ahah your welcome ma enjoy yourself n texas	0
i have heartburn	1
pretty good session	0
realize i aint eat all day	1
happy birthday babygirl!!!!! miss n love you so much hope your day is going as great as you	0
she know his brother well	0
sailor moon!!	0
what screws us up the most in life is this picture in our head of how its supposed to be . 	0
for real though	0
i feel sick	1
i feel sick	5
is why we cant have nice things!!!! i like the boxes	2
is why we cant have nice things!!!! i like the boxes	1
"stir fried rice ,  chicken balls and stir fried rice ugh chicken wing"	0
get you a man that makes shit happen! my man is the best!	0
get you a man that makes shit happen! my man is the best!	0
get you a man that makes shit happen! my man is the best!	0
get you a man that makes shit happen! my man is the best!	0
get you a man that makes shit happen! my man is the best!	0
your so cute !	0
wrong move	1
in new zealand	1
knowing namjoon it could have came out way worse	0
i want a short cut so bad im just scared	0
"the lovely bones" it sound dumb but okaaay	0
damn pat summit died	1
im sorry to say urgent wrong	4
eating good all day	0
thank ya!	0
nice! i wish lol .  im on a budget right now so i have to get what i can but at least im going!	0
im so annoyed	2
im so annoyed	4
trying to think of things i want for my birthday  .  .  nothing coming to my mind tho  .  . 	1
not long to go .  .  .  .  .  . you will see your feet again eventually	0
thanks for your input! m it is	0
thanks for your input! m it is	1
*subtweets* you wont steal all the alcohol from the mini fridge so ill keep it stocked	0
i was feeling ha until i got the pussy and it wasnt allat	2
i was feeling ha until i got the pussy and it wasnt allat	4
like for a tbh	0
lol i put in work tell oomf come get some i dont want no running this time	0
damnnnn nba season is over	1
lmao wtf	0
i am officially rungry now	0
and ,  im no ones mom .  but ,  i get it too .  fortunately ,  i have a great dad!	0
bitches be like " i dont fight over boys/girls bitch ill mortal kombat a bitch over my girl! foh	0
bitches be like " i dont fight over boys/girls bitch ill mortal kombat a bitch over my girl! foh	2
bitches be like " i dont fight over boys/girls bitch ill mortal kombat a bitch over my girl! foh	5
havent seen a titty in months haha	1
spending this day by myself	0
the besties preggers and i couldnt be more excited . 	2
the besties preggers and i couldnt be more excited . 	5
always so smart !!!	0
literally sat refreshing my phone at 5 to get new bodysuit	0
im literally done trying salty it got to this but aye imma find somebody someday soon	0
im literally done trying salty it got to this but aye imma find somebody someday soon	1
to be honest i just feel like mac ds or a wimpy dagwood	0
just praying i find something other than netflix to do this summer	1
gotta escape reality just for one night just one night	1
char love you	0
if a nigga dont pay for you ticket or anything else that he begged you to go to thats not the one	0
nice one from vidal though	0
so i’ve noticed ww all thanks to your stream of gravys	0
a full set is calling my name	1
one of em gone learn .  they gone be like omg	5
exactly how i would say my first year went .  happy that i can go to a better one this year! wish we were together though	1
i thought he is sundae	0
so you tryna say i start trouble ? 	0
my god daughter first birthday in august	0
why tf you two gotta be such teasers	1
happy birthday	0
its one of those nights	1
happy birthday	0
dies the fire .  societal collapse and famine .  with swords . 	0
thanks stink!	0
zlatan was practically a free agent .  .  please	1
no money is stressful	1
great! will do my best! have a great day!!	0
great! will do my best! have a great day!!	0
all i want is for &amp ;  to be together again	1
4/6 innings i played 3rd y nada not one fucking ball came pero los otros 2 si	2
4/6 innings i played 3rd y nada not one fucking ball came pero los otros 2 si	4
need a nap	1
prayers &amp ;  reflections didnt work last time so maybe we could try changing the fucking law	2
trying hard to get my nozomi	0
jos please look after yourself and sleep .  sleep and rest and take care x love you baejos	0
do you ever get in those moods when youre sad but you dont know why youre sad  ?  cause sameee	1
shoulda passed it to us	1
im also questioning thiz	4
ty fatimah	0
when do i ever have it together	0
i havent checked yet - im sure they have them in your size though	0
when people say "money cant buy happiness" you sure  ?  i i get	0
according to - "dimitri payet picks the ball up around 30 yards out ,  looks up and unleashes a spectacular .  . " (was barely 20 yds)	0
i hate not having my car ,  i cant do shit	2
i hate not having my car ,  i cant do shit	4
being broke for the last 3 weeks has made me realize how expensive my entertainment taste is	0
just wish once that lebron wouldnt let me down	1
i aint fukin wit tuesday no more man	0
soft edges are good	0
oh i see! well if you could pay my flight .  .  .  .  . 	0
your patient might be on to something!	0
but dem checks be looking right mane	1
woah! (will finish comment when i catch myself)	0
i hate wearing shorts now	1
nvm ill just leave it be	0
ouch #wheresthecousinlove ? 	0
im chugging water/powerade ,  vitamins ,  while steaming and using essential oils .  im starting to feel better	0
i forgive everyone no matter what we went through you are all my friends	0
hahahah i was waiting for it	0
ty rose special	0
oh its fathers day yh ?  let me just carry on as normal	0
tell me about it	1
right  ?  how could they forget about the jews	1
cant wait to get my mess of a hair fixed tomorrow	0
swear minding your business is so easy .  no i promise really	1
get yourself an athlete and never find time to see them	0
all the way to taka pls dont disappoint me	1
abcnation115 #mustlovemma	0
the seasons keep getting better	1
you will be next week though	0
dakota johnson is so fucking cute	0
nvm im dumb asf	0
why chase anything if i dont even chase my liquor	0
forreal! esp running up the streets .  .  .  literally wanted to die	0
my my youre my	0
watching orange is the new black im happy lol	0
im sorry .  im also sorry that you missed 21p	1
im sorry .  im also sorry that you missed 21p	1
btw ,  u dont know nothing about bangs new tattoo ?  i was looking for photos and dont find nothing	1
he finally took that mess out his hair	2
he finally took that mess out his hair	5
same	1
pleasure!	0
thanku so much everyone 4 ur messages of concern .  im feeling lots better ,  all shiny new now wasnt	0
in shaa allah amin .  one day krg will be as popular as other group kompang also	0
i be wanting to text and call people at this time then remember the time difference	1
shhh ,  dont tell everyone ,  they will all want some! #devonhour	0
it was fun while it lasted	0
me when we use to do carnival	0
lebron playing mad rn	2
one thing im happy avout norway .  the police dont even walk with guns . but it will change .  .  .  my heart is crying	1
i just be thinkin and that shit be eatin at me	1
1 more hour	0
you mean fries n shine	0
17 scuse	0
thank you	0
thanks . 	4
hmmmm what to get for a to be 19 year old ahem ahem  .  .  .  .  . 	0
i hate you	1
true i didnt fall asleep before like 3-4 am the other day ,  i had an english exam the day after at 9 am	0
well we turned into la villa .  so obviously us	0
if anyone talks to sam could you let him know ive been trying to contact him all day about our child ,  thanks . 	0
cant wait to wake up next to the love of my life one day	0
i got a full ride .  but morehouse is the move . 	1
yup ,  i ran off to to a different room to do mine in secret	0
#growingupwithmyname teacher calling "nik .  .  .  .  nik .  .  .  uhhhh  ,  last name gordon ? " here	2
#growingupwithmyname teacher calling "nik .  .  .  .  nik .  .  .  uhhhh  ,  last name gordon ? " here	4
loooool at how the sales manager of renault sent me a hand written thank you card	0
finna become a playa and play all these hoes	0
mama trying to run this meeting in a dog costume ,  you have a dog tag that says jozea #housemeeting #bb18	0
you see my son be trying to go crazy	0
no yall wasnt yall was ugly as shit !	0
when you get back in the house	0
i am back logged with pogies and i still find drawing on a tablet really hard i promise ill make you one baby girl	0
fontana east side chicanos ontario ovs colton a bunch of fuck niggas	0
thanks for the recent follow	0
its my birthday today!!	0
wish i was at glastonbury festival so much rn	1
if were going down that road then jedi is my religion	0
thanks!!	0
yanno i love kids ,  but i can not stand them rn bc there is a 13yr , 10yr , 6yr , 1yr ,  &amp ; 8month old in this house and they are driving me nuts . 	1
so the screen can break again	0
aww wez all very collieish .  .  .  except sez .  .  .  shez sumfin .  .  .  err .  .  .  else .  .  .  speshul! sumfin speshul!	0
neyo- when youre mad . 	0
whats the tune ? !	2
whats the tune ? !	5
honestly cant stand you	2
honestly cant stand you	4
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x58 , 700	0
i can’t breathe!!!!!	1
thanks babe	0
feels good to spend it on stuff you enjoy	0
a guy in greenwich said to me ;  one day youll come in and i might actually have it	1
im not happy about it mind ,  youve took the lead	1
man ,  already .  .  .  dang i was hoping youd hold out a little longer . 	0
may "see translation" na din sa ig good good	0
" we are not together yet but youre mine "	0
shark weeeeeeeeeeek!!!!!!!!!!!	1
you said that last time	0
last 5 minutes ,  bron step up	4
thats normal in women but im sure you dont ,  stop stressing for today .  maybe tomorrow youll feel better . 	0
my life is pretty much falling apart	1
im sure we can give them a wee bucket bath haha those cats look very sassy and fabulous	0
i think theres a slug thrown at me	1
or not in the right places .  numb shoulders instead of numb skull ? 	0
wtf! i saw them somewhere too not to long ago .  i didnt think hed recognize me	0
photoshoot at 3	0
im not tho lets not get started on yo ass  ,  come on nah	0
someone on fb messaged me and said that my profile pic made me look like a vampire .  that was the point! i wouldnt turn the guy though	0
your eyebrows are perfect cute	0
morning andy . 	0
four times in one night	0
i want mcdonalds breakfast	1
please follow this account you will not regent it!	0
thanks hunnyyyyyyy	0
i might	0
have never been so happy in my life for a prediction to be wrong .  dubs not in 6	0
way klase ? 	0
please help! its been over a month since i emailed a complaint and i still have had a reply	1
i can control how i react to something but i cant control how it makes me feel no matter how hard i try ,  it drives me nuts	2
i can control how i react to something but i cant control how it makes me feel no matter how hard i try ,  it drives me nuts	4
sushi date with momma and sister	0
stomach cramping so bad	1
thats some impressive canine yoga stretching	0
hi im pascal and u r ? 	0
when you cant do what you want	1
unless shottys 2 seconds away from .  .  .  .  naah im messing	0
unless shottys 2 seconds away from .  .  .  .  naah im messing	0
i touched my coworkers butt today for $20 hes kinda cute tho	1
who knew my faves would eventually "connect" over that beautiful lost soul ? 	1
so god damn confusing	0
today was long asl but fun	0
hey boo whats up ?  i hope you could slide into dms and answer them i love u with all of my heart! #motavatormonday 9	0
good things really do come to people who wait	0
ik just bc i havent seen u doesnt mean im not ur friend im here boo	1
its been a long fun weekend! but im ready to see	0
somebody take me &amp ;  nia phone	0
tired of making myself sick over the same shit . 	1
i love you soooo damn much happy 26 months babygirl	0
i love you soooo damn much happy 26 months babygirl	0
sad af right now ,  im going to miss you! be safe out there!	1
oh ms puff	0
#aamu20 retweet if youre ready for june soar on the 27th got sum big for yall	2
bitches need to mind their own damn business ! damn bitch	2
bitches need to mind their own damn business ! damn bitch	4
like annas phone ? 	0
love you	0
just 1 more episode oops cliffhanger	0
dan please	1
never gets old	0
we always believe in lewis!!!! #thebest #tripleworldchampion #teamlh	0
so excited for the #usernameregenerated	0
the lies ppl tell  ,  guess youll say anything to save yo ass	0
so hubby is to meet at at #justalittlejealous #looksbetterwithage #havefunboo	0
this time we staying the night	0
omg you are not a real person	0
all i need is an invite	0
its storming	1
i wanna watch it with you	1
dont you gimme the jimmy dots!	1
idc i doh care ,  went on 2 rides today (3 if you count the trolly) and i feel accomplished	0
thank you	0
couldnt handle that much just the one	0
now taquan dont fw riyette thats funny asf niggas be mad at the truth &amp ;  wanna be mad at everybody  ,  cant deal  . 	0
now taquan dont fw riyette thats funny asf niggas be mad at the truth &amp ;  wanna be mad at everybody  ,  cant deal  . 	1
ill always remember how happy and excited usher looked during christinas audition	1
heard it was a lot of fun! bet they are still sore	2
is that alex hes holding ? 	1
shaun livingston almost violated lebron	5
well we talking bout the real avery	0
neighbors 2 was good	1
i dont still understand on this incident  .  i am so sad i think that also you sad	1
i dont still understand on this incident  .  i am so sad i think that also you sad	1
boy ya still owe me cause the thunder lost	1
we use indian words	0
you jiiii like rapping fool	0
right back atcha!	0
the chill nights with the squad is all i look forward to	0
i have never thought about pulp fiction chronologically #newperspectives great show	0
i have never thought about pulp fiction chronologically #newperspectives great show	3
i have never thought about pulp fiction chronologically #newperspectives great show	5
literally everyday idk its tough i love him so much	1
u pull off short hair so fcking well grrrrrrllllll	1
ah ,  thank you so much ,  sweet girl! you gave me a perfect face to work with!!	0
everybody always has that person they laugh a lil too loud with	0
mr .  peabody &amp ;  sherman really is just .  .  .  .  awful	1
wow get me abroad ,  this weather is so depressing	2
wow get me abroad ,  this weather is so depressing	4
i dont think ive ever been this hungry	1
i love how naturally hilarious you 4 are! i give jokers wild a 10/10 thanks boys!	0
my boyfriend driving like he lost his mind ! a bitch finna die tonight	1
no cleganebowl or lady stoneheart	1
thanks a lot of course you can use it	0
thanks a lot of course you can use it	0
dont get me wrong is amazing at pranks but honestly feel so sorry for just move out mate	0
the excitement of the boxing last night &amp ;  now the excitement of tonight is just to much	0
happy fathers day to all the dads &amp ;  moms out there!	0
im finna flush yo ass "why you wanna flush me down the toilet" lmaoo thats my favorite	0
shawty looking bad as fuck #dca	0
this nigga and his fee are smoking another one	1
were working on it!	0
callie is climbing all over me and im trying so hard not to scream out in pain bc my whole body is so sore	1
haha memories	0
lol remember when i seen you for the first time in years still look the same just had more hair	1
yessss i could see me now imma be so extra faces and all	0
hit him up this afternoon! why wait ? ! get ur priorities straight ,  man . 	0
sleep late wake up early	1
so ,  i saw a guy yesterday who looked kinda like	3
steph curry had an amazing season through 82 games but he didnt show up for the post season  .  .  .  those 16 dubs are worth more than 73	0
spin the pasty	0
i swear i was saying it people at 7 on 7 today bro haha and peep the bio	0
wish i had a funnel cake rn	0
within these past couple of weeks  .  .  .  tooooo much shit has been happening praying for the world	1
within these past couple of weeks  .  .  .  tooooo much shit has been happening praying for the world	4
- poom for the weather	0
my bro is bare weird ,  scrambled eggs and ketchup	4
little tacos omg	0
ill see her in about an hour . 	0
hi your consideration is greatly appreciated .  thank you so much for understanding miss president . 	0
same i was her first sub	0
been on hold for ages why wont my gift cards work online ?  .  . 	4
you seem really nice	2
you seem really nice	0
the amazing spiderman 2	0
2/2 i lost my daughter and when i see this its grinds me they dont deserve kids	2
ive gone for my beloved frankie .  .  . im sure he thinks im stalking him	0
1st traction ?  luck and hassle #startupgrind #singapore	0
it was one of my life goals to be randomly photographed by bill cunningham	1
i can think of a few other choice names for him hoping we can flush shelly out soon #whereisshelly #showusshelly #scientology	0
wish i was back in miami  . 	1
i was expecting jd to be more muscular esp .  chest/breast area but still super hot though	0
my nail taken off .  not the real one .  shit fuckin hurts	1
ive got to wait until one of the humans get here &amp ;  my ice cream . 	1
im so jealous of all the people i know who are going to edc this weekend	1
i agree	2
i agree	4
lou ur acc absolutely slay gahh i praise on ya	0
i remember watching vlogs from when you were like 18/19	0
im at peace	0
wrapped today on the wonderful stonemouth more jobs like that please! now gin oclock with	0
re-casual	0
pretty much the reason why i know so so much about greek mythologies  .  like really so damn much  . 	0
23rd birthday is exactly one week away . 	0
*smiles*	0
yo i got the pic of moo when she ate those brownies ,  jawn too graphic	1
lmao ,  nobody invites me to anything anymore	0
i feel like im losing myself	1
imma stay in em w u looking like that	0
im really excited to see finding dory	0
need greys anatomy rn	1
wtf ,  weird ass dream w oomf	3
wtf ,  weird ass dream w oomf	5
hey you are my angel thank you for inspiring me i love you you follow me ?  43	0
great 1st night in london seeing #romeoandjuliet #lilyjames was a dream &amp ;  was a dreamboat #shakespeare400	0
definitely a winning combination!	0
lil baby	0
one of my girls need to have me a baby which one of yall gone give me one lbvs!	0
smooth lil weekend	0
8 days	0
he only fw you because i stop fucking with him	3
he only fw you because i stop fucking with him	5
lol ok sammy	0
forget changkyun i love you	1
hated public safety yo when i had to go to the hospital they came to my dorm like oh thats the girl from the dixon	0
hated public safety yo when i had to go to the hospital they came to my dorm like oh thats the girl from the dixon	1
i got sooo tan today	0
yesssss i was on the kiss cam	0
i expect nothing less from you bestie!!! got to support me through the hard times	1
we gotchu alex we turned 500 grand into 501 grand give us the money and well take care of the rest real talk	4
ive literally watched every show on netflix	1
oh boy this pic is the day i lost my phone but cant wait to see yall	0
still gon sip dom perignon and still gon eat the filet mignon	0
because we have so called freedom of speech and freedom of expression . 	1
buffalo wild wings sounds bomb rn	0
love u pc	0
i love you im	0
you and is so lucky because school is already out there	0
that was me with steven universe today .  i cried because they only have season one on hulu	1
why have i been so tired lately	1
were really sorry about this could you dm us more details ?  and we can pass this on to our rider teams . 	1
we need to text more often	1
kinda wanna go to a water park kinda want her in my water park decisions decisions	0
imma get this tat idc idc idc	0
yessss sounds like the move . 	1
rewatching #gameofthronesfinale .  .  .  .  that opening sequence and score	0
single &amp ;  ready to mingle	0
all green grass good fa you spexially weed	0
i havent had a gay bff in a while .  who doesnt try to get in my jk	0
cant nobody give me no relationship advice .  .  . especially if you dont know where yo man at	0
cant believe people actually want to leave the eu thinking itll benefit our country	1
daniel always knows the right things to say to me when im feeling down	0
"just wanna have a conversation ,  forget about obligations"	0
im not really rocking with this kodak tape	1
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x60 , 223	0
well considering i was 11 myself yes	0
im so pissed rn i could cry but im just about to go to bed	1
already yours	0
two &amp ;  a half hours	1
im weak	0
i would too ,  its pissin down here	1
vetti is the most beautifullest girl ina world yo  ,  baby reallly da love uh my life	0
thanks boo	0
thanks boo	0
offseason (that hasnt started) so hall okposo lucic martin nielsen bracken kearns #islestwitter g…	1
same i got a headache	1
yes i believe so .  hes an oilers fan .  im good	0
guys at work think theyve got work to do on thursday but ive got a 90 inch plasma and 3 fridges of beer instead #top boss	0
up watching hair and makeup tutorials .  its not like i gotta wake up at 8 to get ready for work	0
me and jordan are transferring to a school with cuter dudes king ,  here we come	0
me and jordan are transferring to a school with cuter dudes king ,  here we come	1
hungry af	1
trading isnt and keeping in check .  make a watch and avoid or let and your short .  this is…	3
trading isnt and keeping in check .  make a watch and avoid or let and your short .  this is…	5
guys with blonde hair and blue eyes get me every time	0
would love that:heavy_heart_exclamation:ive sooo messed up many times . 	1
"guys im scared as fuck" is that what i said ?  lmao	0
jesus ,  they had some struggles writing that didnt they ? !	3
jesus ,  they had some struggles writing that didnt they ? !	5
the way i enjoy changing my neighbours tv channel	0
the way i enjoy changing my neighbours tv channel	1
dont tell me that if i buy your drinks youll pay me back like its no big deal &amp ;  then act like a complete ass hole when i bring it up .  . 	2
dont tell me that if i buy your drinks youll pay me back like its no big deal &amp ;  then act like a complete ass hole when i bring it up .  . 	4
my goal is to see just how long i can survive on pb&amp ; js until i have to buy groceries	0
just gotta get through today and i get a day off	1
i can care less if we stop talking remember at one point i didnt even know you it can go back to that	0
i miss you more ya quiero verte	1
where is my cd ? 	2
where is my cd ? 	4
literally so tired	1
finally caught up on some sleep this weekend	1
im not much enjoying my job .  lol but its okay .  after my data come out ill find another job lol  .  ur well eonni	0
complicated feelings about jkrs new writing north american wizarding school and sleep	1
wonderful to have real meaningful conversation w/ good friend last nite u c most days i only talk to my cat like that #catlady #friendship	0
swear im never cutting my hair	0
bet awards time	0
you could tbh	0
i miss my brother . 	1
lemme see if u follow you	0
yay!!! im possibly coming to london next weekend .  ill keep you posted . 	0
you dont love me no more	1
yea i am	0
cold world	1
up by myself &amp ;  shes laying right beside me	2
up by myself &amp ;  shes laying right beside me	4
my cousins got my whole summer planned	1
i dont really know you and your soccer skills are so trash	0
aww baby why ?  why do you think this  ? 	0
that timing wtf but i gotchu g	0
goodnight tweeps!	0
internally im dying lol	1
best games thompson has ever had	0
just almost creamed this dumb ass in a pick up truck ,  cuz he wanna do a roll n stop ,  fool this is an m978a2	2
just almost creamed this dumb ass in a pick up truck ,  cuz he wanna do a roll n stop ,  fool this is an m978a2	4
fuck sakes america	1
baby me thru the	0
baby me thru the	1
found my old vine account and i actually hate myself	0
tweet got me joked	0
about to cook some frosted mini wheats with milks a bowl and a spoon . 	0
great move for  .  here is to torn hearts during north london derby	0
yes ,  me &amp ;  henry are in same agency .  sure ,  chloe! we both can be host at snl korea right ?  really ?  thanks chloe . 	0
thank youuuuu	0
in a good way ? 	2
in a good way ? 	5
pretty good day at work lol	0
the bus door shut on my sister as she was halfway off the bus	0
 ,  we gone talk when you get off	1
but this week shall be a week ill never for get my son is gonna be a grad lol 1st grade here he comes !	2
but this week shall be a week ill never for get my son is gonna be a grad lol 1st grade here he comes !	5
bacon is a gimme in my world	0
bye to yall .  .  be back soon ~all the love	1
bye to yall .  .  be back soon ~all the love	4
congrats 6 k followers keep rocking anna	0
congrats 6 k followers keep rocking anna	0
congrats 6 k followers keep rocking anna	0
the season 12 of greys acapella soundtrack is amazing and im only on the second episode!	0
this is fr gross	1
got extra credit in points in class bc i got here early	0
i will die	1
i cannot deal with at all .  this is why we had to be separated . 	1
your dad is funny . 	0
#bb18 you know what ?  im skipping episode one and going straight to the ep 2 previously on biiiig brother segment .  all the fucks x 0 =	0
i always check twice	0
i need someone who would actually stay by my side ,  no matter what mood im in . 	0
what ? !	3
me too man .  its so terrible and i cant imagine what her family is going through . 	1
colour to my life	0
joses sleepy cuddles are my fav	0
let go of everything negative now my life is so amazing	0
i need good food	1
gahhdamn can it be payday already though  ? 	1
dads just got home and he said he could see the bomb go off in #istanbul from his plane	5
story of my life	0
will said he wants me on his birthday so now i gotta wait three more months	1
thank you mikey!!!	0
its only stalking if shes not attracted to you!	0
mass	0
7 hours of sleep	0
one of my followers came into my dream today and i think i caught feelings	3
one of my followers came into my dream today and i think i caught feelings	5
1 phone call i can get sum	0
niggas not ready for me	0
jada just made me realize im gonna be out of town for her birthday and im so upset	1
my minds all over the place !	1
im tryna help you out .  its bad enough that you dominican	1
making up is the most fun though	0
hard to jump rope when your legs feel like lead	4
ah shit ,  thatll be lit then	0
eh ?  imane ?  what happened with your old acc ? 	3
sleep tight dont let the hoes bite	0
camerons never been to brighton	5
tryna finish some homework before class at 5:45	1
stuck between to possible careers i wanna aim for . 	1
need me a bitch wit da attitude like nicki  .  .  . 	0
idc what nobody say ,  the cookies &amp ;  cream hershey bar the best one of all to me	0
lmfao omggg	0
byee people	0
death-trappen	0
intruder .  learning is sweet!	0
thank you!	0
my emotions are everywhere . 	1
happy birthday ! have fun and enjoy it	0
"anyone before you was just a guide and there will be nobody after you . "	0
i called almost all my friends theyre either busy at work or sleeping ,  i just want to talk about how their day went and if theyre good	1
are you resigning effective immediately ? 	0
thanks to my bm for cooking me breakfast tho	0
matt ,  we also lost someone else in orlando last weekend .  please do something about that! #christinagrimmie #rip	1
threw off the rude truckers today when the "happy hippie" stood her ground	0
good for the	0
u shouldve just said like odom	0
truth be told ,  i was invited ,  but couldnt get the time off work ,  because life is bullshit	1
come &amp ;  see this spurs defence	1
lmao i swear it would .  jd would of had janets stomach all over snapchat	0
youre one of my close friends	0
140 characters	5
these sheets smell soo good	0
youre gonna have to show me	0
how  ,  what i do  ? 	0
and not enough space to type everything	0
i dont get it	0
one tree hill makes my heart happy	0
i think coming back rupee ? 	0
i think coming back rupee ? 	0
wrong account for g i think	0
home alone do my shit !	0
home alone do my shit !	0
"great water" lmao #e3	0
when books get to you	1
i think its cute when your jealous	0
i think its cute when your jealous	1
"thats why im sleeping with a girl" okay hoe	0
i still had to get gas and the ramp to indianapolis i usually take is closed	0
you dont like my favorite i guess but youre a pretty darkskin	1
lol whats up kate	0
ready for school ? 	1
#gotfinale was insanely good and the thought of having to wait a year for season 7 is too much for me to handle	1
todays my day off and i wanna go somewhere or do something	0
the elevator is not working and i live on the 5th floor	1
up watching orange is the new black its so addicting	0
if its the # im thinkin then she prob will	0
who leaves a bear in woodbridge township  ?  thats like leaving a bus at a train station	0
he really does have a great mind	0
literally every second of block 7 will be lit	1
i hope your ice cream falls over i hope your face falls over .  .  .  .  .  on deez nuts i hate him	1
i miss u kid cant wait to see u back home tomorrow hows the #clappything #stunningactress	0
to #thelu20 its lit	0
can wait to see from your sc who will be our next wwe champ	3
can wait to see from your sc who will be our next wwe champ	5
day 29 #penultimate day #sweating #swearing #panting #grunting #hurting #improving #strengthening	0
i did need that!	0
#ripchristina such sad news .  .  my prayers are with her friends ,  family and fans	1
where #remoneekadhalan became my bedtime song n set my alarm with #remoneekadhalan too goosebumpsss !	0
lol i was crushed when i saw the score bro	1
you too sweetie	0
idek how im up yo i went to sleep around 7 this morning i suppose to be k . o	0
stay on my ps and qs	0
send me some emojis	2
send me some emojis	4
loved the walk down "utah word of the day" memory lane on but i agree ,  been done .  now political insult of the day .  .  . 	0
eh i mean i was stupid enough to do it a second time ,  so i will probably do it a third time ,  anyways . 	0
lmao omd them 2am bollockings .  thanks man	0
july 18th needs to come sooner #football	2
july 18th needs to come sooner #football	1
your homegirls 17	0
#theone wanna read it again tho	0
fat where  .  .  .  ill wait .  now stop bc youre	0
ryan on #bbuk is killing me	0
spending my night watching kyries highlights	0
i want years and shit not no damn months  . 	1
i cant wait to graduate college	1
more like greedy	1
you are so welcome sweetie ,  i love you too	0
you are so welcome sweetie ,  i love you too	0
i was laughing out loud!! soo funny i didnt know you had been to australia though ,  im from there!	0
i hate jk love you maiya papaya	0
if study  ,  the moneys not coming in	1
come and meet the #tuttsclumpcider maker tonight at the #rowbarge #woolhampton #propercider	0
oh shut up and get back to work	0
oomf are just amazing	0
when i get married i want to be my maid of honor	0
i thought kane should take the corner #engwal	0
i really be listening to the same 5 songs all day everyday . 	0
bra you was just in harmony phone talking bout "you really gonna be like that" yes she dont like u its dubb she not ya friend	0
dude rt watch she text me saying i forgot something	0
idk maybe bc youve been making videos of my face	0
enjoying some memories bro	0
super cool . 	0
all i know is those first lines i have failed you	1
all i know is those first lines i have failed you	1
hello my sweet lady	0
ugh hopefully .  das my bby	1
i might as well go to work this week leave is sooooo boring because i cant go anywhere	1
i might as well go to work this week leave is sooooo boring because i cant go anywhere	1
donyelle surprise im not going party	0
notte b . 	0
bentley/maserati	0
dont worry justin we miss you but we will be the happiest when you will be back	0
i wanna get cute and go somewhere	0
i need to stop stressing	1
ayee lmao me try	0
if were bein real ,  we havent even gone hoopin together this summer .  we suck at making plans . 	0
thank you	0
yeah big dawg	0
sometimes you just got to go with your gut feeling	1
highkey missing beach days and drunk nights in pb wish i could move there so bad	1
same .  oh wait i am here .  take me away	1
im high	0
love you asaaa!!	0
good morninggg hubby	0
i get aggravated way to easy	1
hiding over snap chat  ,  very good	0
i really do like him but i love him to the core	1
at least twitter is pretty much collectively making fun of it . 	0
watch them still not let us hoop	0
i was cute today . 	0
ive never seen anyone with such am amazing smile	0
new bawls please should also be highly commended! wahaha	0
today is the day #kmelsummerjam its liiiitttttttttt	0
1 more spain	0
this what happen to me today i hate when im actually being nice &amp ;  a person get smart like bitch	2
this what happen to me today i hate when im actually being nice &amp ;  a person get smart like bitch	4
thats so funny would it be all the colours from our album artworks ? 	0
thank you	0
had a good day	0
lmao baby dont gooooo	1
actually i look unhappy in every picture ever taken of me	0
i feel for brazil #copa100	1
i feel for brazil #copa100	5
dont even retweet this you are living it up rn . 	0
ive been up since 4:30 ,  im three espresso shots in and you probs just woke up like 15 min ago .  bye . 	0
females always think im so pretty until they dont like me	0
females always think im so pretty until they dont like me	0
cant wait to swim leahs	0
muscle spasms whenever it rains	1
good hopefully that doesnt happen again	0
be round yours to tuck into that chicken tikka you made xx	0
never get too attached to something that isnt yours . 	2
never get too attached to something that isnt yours . 	4
i dont care if i fall as long as someone else picks up my gun and keeps on shooting .  #aldubxdrewga	0
that moment your dog pees in your bed and you dont know it until you literally get in it to go to sleep and oh my god what is that smell . 	3
that moment your dog pees in your bed and you dont know it until you literally get in it to go to sleep and oh my god what is that smell . 	5
i love every time i get to see thanks for always being there when i need you	0
all my nephews are cute they getting too damn big tho	0
all my nephews are cute they getting too damn big tho	2
all my nephews are cute they getting too damn big tho	4
all my nephews are cute they getting too damn big tho	1
this rain is shit!	1
this rain is shit!	4
bruh why nick record that man saying that wild ass shit	0
ohhh lol .  .  .  well thank you for that	0
the best things happen by chance . 	0
nobody wanna gas:fuel_pump:️it up wimme	2
nobody wanna gas:fuel_pump:️it up wimme	4
music always puts me in a better mood	0
yuck the 50s	4
i get to walk with bucknasty	0
i miss my niggaz shania and summer	1
i miss my niggaz shania and summer	5
happens keep fillin in nicely for my sorely missed k . k .  just like youre doing rhrf	0
i cant wait after work	0
i dislike erin man	0
my dad doesnt do shopping at all but the fact that he bought me mushrooms cos he knew i loved them means a lot	0
there is no way im gon make it to the dentist in less than ten minutes	1
the #iceylife mansion	2
purple it is lol	0
lallana would be top scorer of the whole tourney if he could finish .  #eng	1
i do follow them yes thanks!	0
when you go for a run and realize you arent in long distance shape ,  or in shape at all	0
i want tickets for the argentina game so bad why did i not save	1
the fact i am at southern kitchen right now .  . 	0
fucking 10 . 5 ion have that i think	2
dont be bragging about loosing 5lbs when u know it could be gained again in a day . 	2
dont be bragging about loosing 5lbs when u know it could be gained again in a day . 	4
izin repost min	0
im indifferent towards coldplay but i do like muse so were even	0
i swear these females real life be looking stupid over these no good dudes man yall better get yall life together	0
i luh you so muuuuuch if they dont then what are bestfriends for  ? 	0
six flags today!	0
i aint even tired	3
i aint even tired	5
nah damn i missed it	1
nah damn i missed it	1
nah damn i missed it	1
oitnb is starting to get good	0
ben howard calming my soul	0
nahh my storage went out as soon as they started nu and rod "boxing" was trash . 	1
gawd damn december babies rule	5
slacking again	1
i need to be sleep	4
damn you pissed .  its only 50 minutes into the day happy bday tho . 	1
im so tired	3
im so tired	5
im exhausted and still have 2 hours left of work	1
thats what they all say	2
thats what they all say	4
well since im in charlotte  ,  i might just eat bojangles for now	0
sound like he was just chilling	1
its been a busy one filming - home now and line learning - hope your day was fun	0
finally home from vibe	3
finally home from vibe	5
im real family orientated	2
im real family orientated	5
thank you guys for the love i see it all	0
im the plump brow boy	0
direction torcy la .  . 	1
hi guys! what a roller coaster of a weekend! apologies for my absence	0
only up ya ass ,  cus her nigga left her ,  &amp ;  she got no one .  #bitchesaintshit	0
thank you love ya too nigga	0
alfredo got me sick on the stomach	4
i was dying at you foo so ignaaattt	0
i keep telling myself ill be okay when i know i wont  ,  but its okay	0
#prayfororlando senseless killing .  careless actions  .  wtf wrong with people	2
#prayfororlando senseless killing .  careless actions  .  wtf wrong with people	4
#prayfororlando senseless killing .  careless actions  .  wtf wrong with people	1
i know he always looks like a deer in headlights ,  but he looks genuinely shocked and a bit “oh ,  fuck” .  i think he just wanted to be pm	0
shawty said you want me to homicide it	0
i move out friday	3
i move out friday	5
thats your boyfriend  ?  i thought that was your stepdad	2
thats your boyfriend  ?  i thought that was your stepdad	5
i just wanna see future perform !!!!! #betawards	2
your words are so meaningless af .  shut up nalang if ma binutig ka	1
just finished a song i started writing in 2011! i cant wait to share this one with everyone	2
just finished a song i started writing in 2011! i cant wait to share this one with everyone	5
im always late to work  .  .  .  .  . 	1
how ima hoe but you wit a whole nother bitch ?  maaaan foh	0
come on man! youre takin this old woman back in the day!n drakkar! ? ! ? ! ?  yummy!	0
hate being here by myself .  im too scary . 	0
amazing skillz aye dont get too affected with that aight ?  youre worth more than that and you deserve better bih	0
evidently . 	4
love you so much 10 ,  come see me soon	0
is there an app that makes girls look thick cause i be seeing them in person and they aint thick at all	0
jesus .  mafi youre going to hell .  no saving you bruh	4
oh my goooosh ,  timing	1
bruh i think i lost my snapchat	1
luhan doesnt love me	1
play with it	0
mac &amp ;  sneeze	0
i dont fuck with you fake niggas	0
after my shower	0
when i got yall 10 min taken in the hallway #redhawkmemories	0
deal	0
the way im set up	0
remember when we tried to make plans to go	1
among all the craziness ,  orlandos actually a pretty cool place .  and i keep getting free stuff ,  thats also fun	0
fun ,  fun ,  think about fun	0
bet they levied roaming charges then .  .  . 	0
an ostrich ,  a horse ,  and now a pig .  whats next ? 	0
great video! your channel deserves a lot more love .  keep up the good work . 	0
2 months and 19 days for my 5sos concert	0
fake ass cheif kief	1
ion even like girls but you lol but you coo and funny	0
ion even like girls but you lol but you coo and funny	0
ion even like girls but you lol but you coo and funny	0
no chill whatsoever . 	0
i finally fell asleep .  .  .  and my mom is up cooking at 7 am .  .  . no 6:57 rn so earlier .  fml . 	1
text me	0
i will clock you . 	2
i will clock you . 	4
court again tomorrow	1
you are my dream come true	0
nba aint rigged yall can stfu and yes im a warriors fan	0
happy birthday sierra:party_popper:! miss the good days with u in swents class	0
the right back in here tomorrow lorddd	1
im probably gonna end up selling both my consoles so i can get the new and improved ones	0
ahhh stfu it dont even start till 9 look at you	0
happy fathers day to all the daddies out whos pull out game is weak send this 5 sugar dadd…	0
happy fathers day to all the daddies out whos pull out game is weak send this 5 sugar dadd…	0
i saw you .  .  i wanted you .  .  i got you .  .  i liked you .  .  i loved you .  .  now i aint losing you .  . 	2
i saw you .  .  i wanted you .  .  i got you .  .  i liked you .  .  i loved you .  .  now i aint losing you .  . 	5
i saw you .  .  i wanted you .  .  i got you .  .  i liked you .  .  i loved you .  .  now i aint losing you .  . 	5
i saw you .  .  i wanted you .  .  i got you .  .  i liked you .  .  i loved you .  .  now i aint losing you .  . 	3
i saw you .  .  i wanted you .  .  i got you .  .  i liked you .  .  i loved you .  .  now i aint losing you .  . 	5
i hope my atty gives me tomorrow morning off so i can go to my brothers graduation	1
i miss u mate	1
i really dont wanna do this training	0
did they baf u inside kitchen sink ?  ?  abeg abeg	0
i cannot relate	0
he just called me to ask how many tickets they gave me and if i could get more	0
i jus want a cute lil kendra scott necklace	1
idk why i hate doing that	0
hold on to your girl tight cuz i bout too take yours	1
hopefully de gea has a lot of saves to make just as he does for man utd #esp	0
guess ill sleep for a little bit i gotta chill posting about my boyfriend so much  .  im getting on my own damn nerves	0
bruh my phone went from shit to lit it like 30 seconds	0
i thought it was 8 ,  thanks casp	0
welcome to the sunshine state	0
jannia---&gt ; goals . 	0
i have the worst luck at the baggage claim	1
kathya stay with the bud and shit	0
i think i broke my phone some more	2
i think i broke my phone some more	4
clearly cant do nothing right	2
clearly cant do nothing right	4
listening to that song was not and never will be good	1
listening to that song was not and never will be good	4
i just figure ill line the walls of my basement with light therapy boxes and ill be	0
yall get off this luh shit  .  &amp ;  find somebody eles to play with we chilling	0
yall get off this luh shit  .  &amp ;  find somebody eles to play with we chilling	0
yall get off this luh shit  .  &amp ;  find somebody eles to play with we chilling	0
whatever this is my mom made is so good	0
the weather has been absolutely bipolar today	3
the weather has been absolutely bipolar today	5
its going	0
seeing jordon and corey made me miss high school	1
its my sub i can bet you are like that too"	0
my momma is literally the best	0
hate being fed bullshit .  just be real with me dude . 	1
mad but her shes childish asf be thinking she funny half the time with the stuff she be doing she mad loud but its whatever	0
mad but her shes childish asf be thinking she funny half the time with the stuff she be doing she mad loud but its whatever	1
alhamdulillah i had a great day on the first day in uia	0
i miss fall	1
unlucky boys ,  thought youd come 2nd though	0
i love going to the zoo  .  .  .  .  i be more excited than the kids	0
i want to play basketball so bad right now	1
getting my braces next week	0
morning fav . 	2
do u wanna play overwatch .  .  . 	3
do u wanna play overwatch .  .  . 	5
you too	0
gym flow	0
its called sarcasm &amp ;  yeaa you right but idc just ready for july period	0
badly want to watch the latest episode but im stucked in the office #gameofthrones	1
oh god i just smooshed a spaider that was rappelling down toward the bed ,  if i was laying down it would have landed on my head	1
oh god i just smooshed a spaider that was rappelling down toward the bed ,  if i was laying down it would have landed on my head	5
aye dnt turn my dude on me u from av bro	0
theres so many cute ass all-over design shirts/long sleeves i wanna sell ,  but the fabric is mostly polyester &amp ;  spandex ,  and its so hot	1
home from last night party and now on my way out to the supermarket #feelinggood	0
yassssss like a sistahhhhhh is baddddddd	0
drunk people are great	0
oh fuck i better hurry or i wont be able to take it	1
oh fuck i better hurry or i wont be able to take it	3
ohmygaaadd!! currently editing my upcoming videos ,  and the editing actually looks on fleek kinda proud of myself	0
thirty five years old born in america qualified to be president are you gonna be good at is the question .  #foxnews #cnn	0
dont aim a tweet at someone you dont know ,  you have no clue whats gone on you just look nothing but bitchy . 	0
no disrespect to mums doing it alone  ,  strength to you but stop the "happy fathers day to me" ting .  u r not a man ,  dnt confuse ya yute	0
step fall back	0
watching the game witt dad	0
someone from bpt explain what "beathup" mean	0
true	0
game 7 is on fathers day i got the perfect gift ill put some money on the srp box so we can watch the game	0
 .  .  .  i wish that i could rewind	0
love this scene naughty kaurwaki	0
love this scene naughty kaurwaki	0
unfortunately ,  no	0
ya babygirl wants me ,  son .  .  . thats funny . 	0
my new follower tho	0
another one #3s	0
to lighten the mood this weekend im taking mum to brentwood ,  essex .  to drink in sugar hut ,  find joey essex &amp ;  have a proper laugh innit	0
coming to my tios house and him not being here saying "mi flakis!!" it just doesnt feel real to me . 	1
i cant take it anymore lord	1
i miss ya olly	0
why do people lock they tweets like bitch i can relate can i fuckin retweet yo shit	1
ahhhhhhhhhhhh:neutral_face:awesome	0
whoa scary . 	1
- three words  .  interact .  with .  me .  love ur acc btw	0
all i can do is smh at most of the people do &amp ;  say	0
lol bet that up ;  n stg be laughin so hard cant even finish	0
if you miss dance  ,  yes it is	0
happy birth day my friend i wish all your dreams became true سسسسنة لطيفة وسعيدة وكل عام وأنتِ معي	0
what omg fakart monday chou l sabettt	1
what omg fakart monday chou l sabettt	4
do you think the same ? 	0
look 21 in person	1
i smell a new profile pic coming up	0
pineapple	0
i wish my rollie was here . 	1
when you come to your bestfriend for advice and she doesnt sugar coat shit and it got you thinking hard as hell	4
diu need to rent car ahhhh	1
diu need to rent car ahhhh	5
bff is coming at the first of the month and i miss her so	1
go away ,  tonsillitis . 	3
happy to connect	0
glasgow titp paris and italy next month!! buzzzzzzzzzin	0
why no one tell me they dont sell giorgio armani luminous silk foundation at jcpenny sephoras	1
just let me have ur necklace	0
buggin	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x52 , 986	0
just wishing i could read it right away .  &lt ; 3 going to love this book . 	1
and i look forward to your next amazing artwork! you always inspire me to keep drawing .  keep up the fantastic work! /hug back	0
damn so many people have died this year	1
jaaackkk! would you rt your own tweet too ? 	0
someone asked a good friend of mine to name a person who has been significantly inspiring to their life and she told them it was me . 	1
chill reggaeton the worst thing that happened to music	0
i wanna be with a guy whos okay with me constantly taking them on surprise adventures/dates	0
when you got something on every bitch to come so you sit back ,  cross your legs and flip your hair	0
hey yoni!	0
caputo ,  this is your chance to set the record straight and make mcc implode! #oitnb	2
sames .  im worried that i wont be able to buy magic stars anymore	1
happy birthday gf	0
wait are you talking bout me  ? 	0
thank you	0
anytime  ,  n me too	0
i finally got my boootsssss	1
ive never seen any of them ,  so god knows what ive seen him in	0
i am so going ft5	0
i aint a killa but dont push me	0
lebron james and john snow win tonight .  .  .  . what a damn good sunday	0
ouch	0
its not even 9 and im about to be knocked	0
yes you can	0
i dont sadly i was blessed with a zaboca the other day and waiting (im)patiently	1
deyjah harris is the cutest lil thang	0
i know she hates my ass	0
its either you play by they rules or its fuck wat you meant to em i just miss shit but its blown outta portion thats why ion talk	1
cz i just dont know whaa to do anymore .  im tired	1
im in it	1
a man try tweet for sympathy for a open scratch on his arm and it backfired	1
look like i just came fresh out the slamma	0
thankyou chicken	0
yeah but still think trump is stupid	0
breez is queen but you seem right too	0
morning .  .  its not hanging	0
yes england .  .  banging !	0
bored asf dont even know why im up .  . 	1
im gonna call you when i get out of school says you	2
im gonna call you when i get out of school says you	4
is this true  ? 	0
x you cute	0
this emoji is my life yo	0
back on in little while	0
funniest thing ever watching brad cut onions! crying his eyes out	0
my back hurts i need a massage	1
still cant sleep .  huhu .  and only got 6 hours left . 	0
still cant sleep .  huhu .  and only got 6 hours left . 	1
still cant sleep .  huhu .  and only got 6 hours left . 	1
still cant sleep .  huhu .  and only got 6 hours left . 	4
happy birthday meme lord we love youre my biggest inspiration and idol! i love you daniel	0
10:30 am to 11 pm shift today	1
i think thats what imma do whenever she text me back	2
i think thats what imma do whenever she text me back	5
love my fans x10	0
hahahahaha fuck off you russian cunts	0
hahaha .  end of the episode .  not castrated like theon ,  but fed to the hounds instead .  hahahaha . 	0
hahaha .  end of the episode .  not castrated like theon ,  but fed to the hounds instead .  hahahaha . 	0
i really dont look forward to drinking now	1
i hate!!! being single my i need someone to cuddle with now!!!!	1
i hate!!! being single my i need someone to cuddle with now!!!!	1
i hate!!! being single my i need someone to cuddle with now!!!!	1
wah~ lets be a friend now	0
imma feel so naked .  .  .  my gauges are going to be super small too .  .  i went from a 9/16th to a 6	1
the fact that youre making this statement though is progress .  . a year ago you werent this open minded  .  . proud!	1
theres a high chance you are	0
yall waste no time with these memes	1
my family summer vacation is hellaaa planned shoulda stayed at canada ! im heading there too	0
my family summer vacation is hellaaa planned shoulda stayed at canada ! im heading there too	0
someone give me $141 to buy 10 new shirts	1
shaq damn near played for everybody before he left . 	0
like you hein	0
its so good	0
and then she proceeds to come back in here at 3 and facetime with all the lights on	4
get out curry	0
ive been at taras for a week straight	0
hi ! i have an obsession with m . o . m im so proud to see you grown ,  all i want is your follow i love you x2722	0
my arm is all bruised up fml	1
tell me what i said i forget alotta stuff	1
lol where oomf kome from ?  just started favoritin tweets outta nowhere	0
its so funny how late i am	0
yes it is	0
protection from the zombies totally kidding &amp ;  agree 100% so glad they caught the guy	0
just fyi the full job description link for foh assistant is not working ,  just sends back to page . 	0
taking it back	0
yeah i got it	0
make me	0
you just said it was a win with proof that he used kinetic	0
if only people actually practised what they preach cos most dont	0
ion have time to play with nb children	0
you think you hate me now ,  well bitch stay tuned	0
dont spam	0
fdaitch	1
how i wish i have the proper discipline and motivation to live a healthier lifestyle . 	1
i will leave your ass on read and not think twice about it	0
thank you	0
this headache is really kills me	1
love you too sam	0
i want to go bike riding with friends	1
its so damn bright and sunny outside	0
#strengthinnumbers #dubnation go gsw! hope boguts alright	1
they be cutting hours and i need more bills	4
love it	0
could do with a cheesy pizza right now with extra cheese #latenightcravings	1
i dont wanna lie	1
ok done twitter talking	0
michlyne real deal pulling more niggas than me at this point	1
back	0
so much unnecessary rage on twitter at the moment makes me sad	1
youve gotta start somewhere! #bdib	0
i am no rookie	0
wow did they just actually draw for a justin beiber dubplate	3
wow did they just actually draw for a justin beiber dubplate	5
hot af wanna jump in a river	0
i just want some head in a comfortable bed ,  it could all be so simple	1
glad to see nothings changed	0
it is!! even on snapchat ive got ppl spoiling it for me lets just stay away from all social media lol .  how far u with got ? 	1
i need to go to the barbershop	4
goodbye to all things in my life for atleast a day not that oitnb is out	0
youre my baby	1
im hot like a skillet nigga	0
one time for the smart girls they dont do it like yall	0
one time for the smart girls they dont do it like yall	0
lol my boyfriend wants me to wait for him to watch it but hes only on season 1	1
i think im addicted to sweet tea	0
haha probably	1
its a lot of problems with the situation i just dont know how to fix it	1
is anyone willing to tag me in jaebum pics when im gone i will love you forever plspls	1
happy birthday see you later	0
im either 54 or 55  .  .  i dont really know	0
thats more like it! x	0
hoo wi	0
lmao he gonna be one of the all time greats even if he do end up like jr smith	0
yar tujhe ho kya gya mujhe pta h tere fast chal rhe h and you dont get enough time to be on twitter bae	0
yar tujhe ho kya gya mujhe pta h tere fast chal rhe h and you dont get enough time to be on twitter bae	0
im off on the 4th	0
shrimp n grits	0
i really need to get my laptop formatted .  too many things i cant do with the current performance . 	1
thank you!	0
you polly got a baby ona way	3
you polly got a baby ona way	5
holy moly my brothers play skylanders but imma get him for myself so i can play	0
reno this weekend  ,  then vegas	0
suns come out ciggie time	0
suns come out ciggie time	3
congrats !!!	0
deactivatedmy account on facebook because tangina	1
a good morning it is	0
young ,  i hate neek so much . 	0
me too .  just imagine how long that list is .  . lol	0
lol yeah basically	0
fucked my phone up last night &amp ;  now i cant respond to anyone	1
|| perfect time for my internet to cut off when im out by the nearly had a meltdown because i thought my account was locked	0
i love love love bacon	0
hoes aint got no home training	0
lol .  i need the kids to stay far away because if one of they ass fall thats on them . 	1
you dont respect your i miss my friends girlfriend""	3
you dont respect your i miss my friends girlfriend""	5
came out of no where	1
honestly why do they have to be such haters	0
but nobodys talking to me so ill never know	1
happy birthday hope youve had a good day	0
happy birthday my beautiful goddess child love you be safe!!	0
move to damn much like getcho ass on	0
damn him . let me sleep	1
lanting me	0
there is a fine line between fishing and just standing ashore like an	0
there is a fine line between fishing and just standing ashore like an	0
terrible	5
you should grow it out	0
well let me charge my phone before my lights go out	1
you guys are always there for me for the great times and the rough ones .  i wouldnt trade you guys for anything!! il…	0
lil b . i . g pac	0
huuuy indaaaay!!! thankyooou!! loveyoou bits god bless yoooouuu!!:red_heart:️	0
my best one is emma bunton ,  an actual spice girl .  and sam smith .  and a tweet from james cordon	0
princess suak	1
whatsapp	4
ladies if you and a friend are interested in being sister wives ,  my dms open	0
i just blew up roberts snapchat so much lets see how this goes .  . 	0
these gays are wild	0
love you	0
dont want no broke bitch	4
but deadass its not that we treated maya like goddess its because how unlikeable writers write riley blame them not us	0
cant wait to order my hair	1
cant wait	0
lets play a game imma post something you gotta do it in 5 secs comment "3" if you wanna play	0
your snapchats make my entire day	0
i want to lay up	3
i want to lay up	5
aw ,  thank you	0
ah thank you .  was a pleasure - bing bong back to you for the endless supply of oranges	0
ah thank you .  was a pleasure - bing bong back to you for the endless supply of oranges	0
ill be livestreaming in 5 mins	0
and m5	1
my size was out of stock	4
i aint watched tv in soooooo long	1
nipple ?  acc let me bite yours	2
nipple ?  acc let me bite yours	5
wanting my baby .  .  .  . 	1
i cant even do the school list thats going around ,  i went to 7 schools before high school	1
im wearing my moms clothes i look like such a business woman rn omg	0
still mentally preparing for this camp tomorrow	1
 .  .  .  .  come to momma .  .  .  . 	0
i got spotify	0
so in control hoe pay attention	0
happy monday anne #batb	0
same who wants to c her beautiful face	4
my mom is staying with us until next week to help out and this past week ive been waited on hand &amp ;  foot .  im over here like plz stay 4ever ? 	0
phone back in action	0
lol  .  .  .  i was looking for a picture from that night (night i met will) and that tweet made me laugh!	0
fuckk it im callin in	3
right in the heat sweating bullets in shit	0
right in the heat sweating bullets in shit	1
we anyways	0
motherfuck!	3
motherfuck!	5
praying we are going out to eat after this recital .  .  .  ya girls hungry and has only eaten a bagel	0
today i dont get to go home and lay with roberto	1
lucky git most of london would avoid it if they could lol need a job working from home or to win the lotto mate	0
- loving it! no mud here	0
/ idk you but youre pretty n seem cool ,  we should b friends	0
dude ,  if its easier for you to gimme a call ,  or whatsapp ,  ill dm my cell	0
oh youll ,  for sure  ,  so can you now follow me back  ? 	0
oh youll ,  for sure  ,  so can you now follow me back  ? 	0
having songs stuck in my head is like	0
having songs stuck in my head is like	2
foreals	1
ole lame ass niggah  ,  stfu	0
thank you for making my day handsome	0
im such a cheap date .  i love kids meals and chicken fingers	0
in the bed dead	1
even i eat ibori only later me take you on a food date	1
omg .  plane crash dreams is so good!	1
awww thats so terrible what about bunnies ,  are you allergic to them ? 	1
dip dip straight to your doorstep	0
anybody wanna ft	1
probably never good enough sanay nanaman lolz	1
soo i teach piano at this daycare &amp ;  theres this little boy and when he told me his name i almost cried  . lmfao	1
lol frank spilled coffee on his leg .  epic trainwreck #bb18 thats making the tv show . 	0
&amp ;  i dont like the way people treat kevin love	2
&amp ;  i dont like the way people treat kevin love	4
i figured	0
lets fucking go lebron  where yah curry fans at	0
tommie goin shoot if he miss ima rebound	2
didnt go as i was going to be late due to flooding &amp ;  grid locked roads x then my evening went from bad to worse	1
of course i left the cooler open	2
of course i left the cooler open	4
im so clingy but hehe only to u	0
i hate pretzels	1
cheap imports no doubt	2
cheap imports no doubt	4
i love u so much .  do u love can u follow me tweet me babe and dm me #nashmerch #facetimemenash ♡1 , 081	1
thanks for talking to me last night bae	0
ive only listened to beyoncé since the concert	0
hes to grown for me  ,  i dont know what im going to do	2
hes to grown for me  ,  i dont know what im going to do	5
bored &amp ;  hungry	1
bama girls so underrated	0
pokey eyes is the worst	1
pokey eyes is the worst	1
iffy vibes	1
thank you! love you jan	0
my heart goes out to all the families and friends of the victims of the orlando shooting still breaks my heart #orlando	1
ffs dont use your canesten on him	0
oh higgins	0
and its not cboys supporters for once haha	0
aye if yall dont get the fuck on somewhere!	0
#bcu is funny already where august at ? 	0
lastly ,  happy birthday to one of the best people i know .  you are one of a kind .  love you!	0
thank god its friday	0
let see whos laughing when you get dropped by a eighteen year old	0
so close to touching the rim	0
cant stand laura #bigbrother	4
dinner was so yummy	0
hardcore  .  .  i see you had some good news last week . 	0
hardcore  .  .  i see you had some good news last week . 	0
man my head hurt so bad	1
i just said thank god i havent been having to go to childrens now i gotta go to childrens	1
wish i back giggling with my lil	1
and then come visit in seattle ill cook . 	0
i miss my bestfriend	1
what  ? 	0
hello my beautiful friend! i hope god has been kind to you &amp ;  keeping your spirits high! im staying in my lane .  #blessed	0
lets all go to cracker barrel! lol i wont flake	0
cheap ass weave	0
they were probably guarding the bathrooms from transgendered people	1
that boi good	2
i like hanging by myself or w/ conscious minded folks .  i cant excel w/small talk .  lets get to this i been #connected #humble	2
i like hanging by myself or w/ conscious minded folks .  i cant excel w/small talk .  lets get to this i been #connected #humble	0
already know july 6 gone be a hard day for me im not gone even talk to anybody period	1
im watching a movie and someones name is nicholas	1
sometimes people want to have conversation really early in the morning and its okay to kill those people	2
tell bae i said happy birthday	0
im only doing what i deem necessary . 	0
tia and butta slipped me something last night . 	1
i miss you	1
what is lowe wearing	0
this is by far the biggest heartbreak dario #got	1
i am hungry! what do you think i will eat ? ! ahmf! #hungry	1
well i have to get as many presents as possible	0
no me dicen kenia	0
lol i didnt even really jog at the waterfront but at least i did something	0
goodnight calls	1
i see now .  that shit is scary as hell	3
i see now .  that shit is scary as hell	5
so everyone heres presenting a brand new addition to the parthian fam my bestest friend welcome her yall	0
so everyone heres presenting a brand new addition to the parthian fam my bestest friend welcome her yall	0
so everyone heres presenting a brand new addition to the parthian fam my bestest friend welcome her yall	0
i get to sleep in	0
you’re the sweetest! #bonbesties for life . 	0
thanks	0
1 more week with these caterpillars on my face! christ man . 	1
cant deal with this injection stuff ,  my arm hurts like mad	1
well shit	0
rai you dont have to  .  .  .  i wouldnt even let you	1
about my header aint answer yesterday i was	0
about my header aint answer yesterday i was	1
love catching up with	0
cant blame him ,  really	0
i love chocolate milk aswell	0
dressed ,  now all i gotta do is my hair	1
dressed ,  now all i gotta do is my hair	4
i need some tea	1
see ya later ,  bro	1
i wanna be somebodys princess	1
im still stuck on this damn cat-dog chasing us lastnight .   .   . i hopped on top of the car so fast	0
thankyou!	0
imissyoumore long time no see	1
hahahah now id afternoon already	0
stalling	0
dont steal my stuff sam	0
morning chick hope youre well	0
today ,  i start my first job as a college graduate	0
this election has ruined friendships	0
im mad af i cut my hair now	2
on god	1
&lt ;  excited as its food tech tomorrow - macaroni cheese! hoping he brings it home as love it take care xx	0
&lt ;  excited as its food tech tomorrow - macaroni cheese! hoping he brings it home as love it take care xx	0
i watched episode of banshee today whilst eating cereal - full frontal of (martin from terminus)	3
you dont have the time to focus on boys when youre a natural .  them bantu knots already take up 1 . 5 hrs	0
my friend ig ,  be being mean to me	0
my friend ig ,  be being mean to me	0
my friend ig ,  be being mean to me	1
my friend ig ,  be being mean to me	2
my friend ig ,  be being mean to me	1
neither can i	0
aha i was right	0
dominos really need to stop texting me these 50% off pizza deals #thestruggleisreal	0
well ,  just played my last first summer league game	1
driving here without you was so sad	1
yess	1
i really miss the "old" me	1
hi uh ur really hotttt	0
im so happy you made me smile i love your voice	0
its totally past my bedtime . 	1
bring me a pomegranate	0
nice one	0
we still tied still won the second time	0
we still tied still won the second time	0
imy baby	0
yeah ikr i told him that his 7nk is beesh in his face  ,  and i kept ignoring him	0
study first	0
babes birthday tomorrow	0
just found out you love watersports and wakeboard ,  so do i so your are even more awesome!!	0
people from florida put stupid in front of anything	0
thanks	0
stéphanie ,  your time is up .  holidays are over and you should come back home	0
cik maap yaa embakk .  .  i mention huruf z keluar youu we were playing this mention game with hahahh adioss	0
straight love	0
this info is not gonna be good for the i-love-you-s	2
this info is not gonna be good for the i-love-you-s	4
happy birthdayy god bless you	0
thats lil shit though everybody gonna have it its a shirt what you mad for!	1
gooodmorning pips	0
i almost didnt cry in part 2 ,  but even knowig how it ends i cried	1
on my way to #hashiconfeu ,  early klm flight means driving and flying to amsterdam in time for breakfast and keynote	0
you cant trust a nigga like me cause im too grimey	2
catching up on #loveisland is for real saying the new girls are stunning u looking at the same girls as us lol	1
its about that time	2
somebody tml	0
whats goin on in hearne ? 	2
whats goin on in hearne ? 	4
i think when my bf be making my drinks he be trying to get me fcked up lol he make them so strong	1
same just got to wait till pay day	1
yea i moved back	0
coltons stories never fail to make me laugh my ass off	0
much happier with him in my life	0
corey sucks . 	2
corey sucks . 	4
thank you .  just 6 more days to go on these meds	1
god what a good night this how summer 16 gonna go	0
im through	1
i cant wait to be on the beach	1
actually the happiest human ever .  just passed my final uni assessment with an a woop 12 weeks of placement and im gunna be a nurse	0
number 2 pg in the state of texas blessed	0
nice top 5 commentating	0
lmao guhh hush	1
we dont got nun that match to eat .  .  .  cereal ,  no milk .  .  .  bread ,  no ham . 	0
still got mine .  need to fix the scroller	0
really want some hennessy	0
i followback ,  tweet me or mention me	0
oh guess you were just dreaming of me then	0
kan dah agak .  im not wake up for sahur if he doesnt ws or call me . 	1
having a baby face is both a blessing and a curse	0
 .  .  .  and if i hear one more female say "im thick" .  .  . 	1
tombow lg-kea ,  the wood finish one with silver ferrule and dark gray eraser ,  which is fantastic by the way .  mm!	0
sounds like a plan	0
look at my dab	0
kodak  ,  bill  ,  &amp ;  dieuson octave is excluded from the question think yall slick	0
agae yr thnx	0
agae yr thnx	0
bitch just told me dnt come see	1
so it appears i have to go back on 400 xl . 	2
i swear im going to make my baby so proud  .   . 	0
man came out to giggs - taking the hardest ,  sick	0
oh her hip	1
dead at marishas tweets	0
thats just crazy!	0
i just wanna be rich asf	1
real relationship has fights trust faith tears pain arguments patients secrets jealousy &amp ;  love	0
real relationship has fights trust faith tears pain arguments patients secrets jealousy &amp ;  love	2
real relationship has fights trust faith tears pain arguments patients secrets jealousy &amp ;  love	2
real relationship has fights trust faith tears pain arguments patients secrets jealousy &amp ;  love	5
real relationship has fights trust faith tears pain arguments patients secrets jealousy &amp ;  love	1
jacquees was bae now he looking like a mini wayne likeeeee nooo quees	1
haha .  its not like there any bl movie screening in my country .  so ,  let me drown in my movies all alone . 	0
these hotel room beds be a1	0
i really want them gum bottom 11s	1
this 4th quarter about to get crazy	2
grins .  its written halfway and i accidentally sent it-	0
i thought the heat fans was gonna be the saltiest but we chillin .  its the "others" that dont like this at all	0
thank you	0
im up early &amp ;  idk why	2
im up early &amp ;  idk why	4
im officially diagnosing myself with costochondritis	0
mama said never love a nigga more than he love me  ,  daddy said the same thing cause he a og	0
where my mfn mimosa ?  its saturday	0
somebody hit my line	0
finally	0
you guys are so #gigih	0
at home .  eating my favourite food .  listening to my fav music .  what a blissful evening of joy if only there wasnt a 4 am alarm lurking	0
at home .  eating my favourite food .  listening to my fav music .  what a blissful evening of joy if only there wasnt a 4 am alarm lurking	3
at home .  eating my favourite food .  listening to my fav music .  what a blissful evening of joy if only there wasnt a 4 am alarm lurking	5
if youre a guy and this guy aint on your recents you doing somethin wrong	0
teach me how to apply eyeliner like yours ,  please ? 	0
happy friday everyone!	0
if its me &amp ;  you tonight we gone do all the things you like	0
lol my mom says that about a wife	0
you sound like an old lady	3
lots of beatles fans on twitter this evening .  . 	0
i forgot how good giovannis pizza was . 	0
love coming home and taking my bra and trousers off #bestfeeling	0
yesterday was the 5th annual international #hugaclimatescientist day! cant believe i missed it!	0
sleep but baby not on me	0
im starving	1
your brother is corny and i hate him haha ,  youre cool and cold at basketball	0
thank you so much!!	0
watching highlights he so babbage	0
who trynna to link tonight	0
thank you	0
impossible actually and me too aka the other night this morning this week last week	0
impossible actually and me too aka the other night this morning this week last week	1
impossible actually and me too aka the other night this morning this week last week	3
impossible actually and me too aka the other night this morning this week last week	5
turnt up with the kidz zone channel pumped all the way up .  dance party in the lounge .  nap time soon ,  kids  ?  #mumlife #lifewithatoddler	0
kakanta daw kami bukas ,  so expect a typhoon tomorrow ,  with matching thunder and lightning	0
nurpur tvc i m in love with u	0
#lrt thats why i always write anything that bother me in my precious note	0
nice oxford-centred tweet dr oliver	0
#2 not shocked at all cant wait to see you in rio congratulations on qualifying #swimtrials16	0
#2 not shocked at all cant wait to see you in rio congratulations on qualifying #swimtrials16	0
#2 not shocked at all cant wait to see you in rio congratulations on qualifying #swimtrials16	0
i hate when my baby cry when i leave make me not want leave	1
i hate when my baby cry when i leave make me not want leave	1
just let people be happy in their relationships	0
lmfao we do	0
#growingupwithmyname "oh ,  youre scotts daughter!"	2
#growingupwithmyname "oh ,  youre scotts daughter!"	4
my baby makes me so happy  .  .  he does the cutest stuff w/ his aggy ass	0
are we going to see her darkside ? 	3
are we going to see her darkside ? 	5
what an amazing day !	0
this man usher playing as sugar ray	1
bubbles!	0
the former	0
no matter how good you doing  ,  its gone always be somebody talking down on you  .  wtbs  ,  keep doin you  . 	0
i cant wait to get paid tomorrow!	0
s/o to my mom for making coctel de camaron	1
it also reminds me that im lame .  so thats that as well . 	0
ios 10 tight asf s/o to my boi	0
ran into oomf family and they asked me to visit again	0
worried about me ,  but your pussy smell like turtle tank	4
haha thank you sara! umm .  .  i love #tuesdaytruth	0
nobody knows how hard i work and how close i am to getting what i want .  but youll see	0
england about to #brexit the euros	0
brown out	1
ahahaha bouncy as the ball ? 	0
packing up my things at the moment	0
um yeah future and juicy j on the same track is dangerous for me . 	0
funny thing is that im in the south but ive seen the same thing in chicago .  my granddad is rocking one too	0
cant deny anymore that my beloved has some nasty narcissistic traits . 	1
hey my day is really good and that scars me your one ? 	0
girl get back	0
7on7 tonight	2
wah seh our comeback siol hahah but ya sia we hiatus how long alr tsk	0
so sleeeeepyyyyyyyyy	1
thanks a ton for all 3 lovely post	0
rip iphone 5	1
were watching the lego movie with mr11 tonight .  .  .  everything is awesome ping	0
lol when me and maurice hug or something christian will look like "get off my mom"	2
lol when me and maurice hug or something christian will look like "get off my mom"	5
my face hurts so bad and looks terrible bc of the allergic reaction	1
thank you	0
thought youd want me to shut up there say no more	0
thought youd want me to shut up there say no more	0
thought youd want me to shut up there say no more	3
thought youd want me to shut up there say no more	5
*doorbell rings* *gets excited thinking its my new camera bag* it was only a small amazon box with a lens cap in it	1
haha fuck summer just started too	0
wow ,  the patience and dedication you have ,  this is slow! doesnt your back hurt after ,  when you shed on such a stool ? 	3
this ka boy on is just a waste of my data	1
my dad is giving my dog away so taking her on her last walk	1
they did go 73-9 ,  still probably the best team right now ,  and i dont even follow the nba	0
you mean resisting you ? 	0
you mean resisting you ? 	0
today feels like it should be friday and its only tuesday	1
all bitches wanna do lately is not like me no more i like yall tho so fuck yall	0
all bitches wanna do lately is not like me no more i like yall tho so fuck yall	0
oh yeah ,  i know she is	0
slower . 	1
sorry .  what did you said ?  ive just stared at his arms . 	0
it looks like a kolam .  dun play with my heart	2
it looks like a kolam .  dun play with my heart	4
just threw it away like a few years ago	1
thats so cool congrats .  .  .  awesome video	0
see you soon ?  pls . 	0
ya se tragaron a sam . 	1
baekxing standing side by side .  what a lovely sight to see . 	0
why tf cant i sleep ? 	4
this is so shocking may you rest in peace christina ,  you will be missed #ripchristina	1
this is so shocking may you rest in peace christina ,  you will be missed #ripchristina	1
when you wanna travel with ur family but you cannot drop out the college	1
when you wanna travel with ur family but you cannot drop out the college	1
talking to a customer about stain for 45 minutes is exhausting . 	2
talking to a customer about stain for 45 minutes is exhausting . 	4
im weird af . 	0
she might get on my last  , but ill give her my last &amp ;  she irritating asf but she also bring me joy naah we not together b…	0
i will !	0
haha .  lol same heree	0
and you said you didnt know him ?  ok sure	0
finishing up vampire diaries i love that show with all of my heart!	0
i dont be with all that negativity good vibes only	4
really cant with myself right now	1
bc i know if i ask walter ,  ill just get frustrated	0
im done smoking after today	0
fake ass friends	0
imy 2 i havent seen you in forever omg! im down to make plans whenever	0
imy 2 i havent seen you in forever omg! im down to make plans whenever	1
soo whats the point of twitter allowing people to their own tweets .  i dont get it .  . 	0
i take back my niceness fifi . 	1
i dont want to die a failure	1
omg drake f me up	0
one of my favs! i also love peace be upon you and im alive	0
i wanna laugh hard like banging on the floor crying:face_with_tears_of_joy: ,  but i cant find nothing that funny	0
breast sooo sore . 	1
i be so bored without anyone to talk to	1
follow back cah hits	0
because its "dramatic af for no reason and the acting is horrible ,  but too entertaining to stop watching just to see how shitty it gets" . 	2
because its "dramatic af for no reason and the acting is horrible ,  but too entertaining to stop watching just to see how shitty it gets" . 	4
wonderful show tonight .  hope you come back soon	0
i kinda wanna get my other side of my nose pierced so i can have a stub and hoop	0
long day  .  .  .  much work  .  .  .  so tired	5
ima zip it .  .  .  watch my turn up	0
getting something trapped on top of or under your contact is the absolute worse	1
i wanna go to disney .  but saturdays are my blackout days .  so we cant go until tomorrow	1
made a random essay and after a few mins ,  the yellow pad is now full wtf i dont even know what am i writing	3
made a random essay and after a few mins ,  the yellow pad is now full wtf i dont even know what am i writing	5
still up	0
im serious	0
my man like it so little booties matter	0
cold morning	1
heheheh ,  the little rascal wish i could show mom bbs adorable pics from today .  know shed love her . 	0
heheheh ,  the little rascal wish i could show mom bbs adorable pics from today .  know shed love her . 	0
and oh she aint got pretty feet	1
go back flips ?  epic translation from google	0
i cant even lay on my left side cause this ish hurts so much	1
the talk me &amp ;  leek had made me realize alot of stuff	0
the talk me &amp ;  leek had made me realize alot of stuff	1
when ya baby daddy got the whole city hating u &amp ;  all the bitch gotta do is take care of his responsibilities	0
we miss you	1
oh .  .  okay	1
oh no .  .  this must be hard for mike .  its okay mikey ,  youve done your best .  .  #tanglinch5	1
oh no .  .  this must be hard for mike .  its okay mikey ,  youve done your best .  .  #tanglinch5	4
i was just thinking the same thing!!!!	0
its a boy	2
its a boy	5
thanks ,  liesje	0
wishing &amp ;  was c/o 2017 so they can have another cheer season ima miss them . 	1
ravena family vs teng family naman po next .  exciting yon .  hehe .  thank you! #familyfeudph	0
so jealous of the boys at the game	1
i love u so much .  do u love can u follow me tweet me babe and dm me #nashmerch #facetimemenash ♡1 , 232	1
got my giggles back thank you	0
im still thinking if jungkook already watched the trailer of "scarlet ryeo"	0
what news ? ! ? ! ? 	3
what news ? ! ? ! ? 	5
flea market flip in bed heavenly	0
he just walks in and uses our water dispenser .  waves on his way out .  smh give your local ups man a cold water	1
couldnt be more proud they have brightened the most darkest of days for me .  they so deserve it . 	0
its not tell me	1
sometimes i sound like such an idiot ha ha perth is great ,  ill be back later in the year .  still hear till tuesday	0
sometimes i sound like such an idiot ha ha perth is great ,  ill be back later in the year .  still hear till tuesday	0
finessed a xl pizza with hella toppings from pizza bogo today .  .  .  . so id say it was was good day	0
the fans have absolutely everything crossed rick #rickastley50	0
some people need to get a life ,  this is so annoying	1
#tl [help rt] were new agency tbgency with throwback to 2012 concept .  fix uname ,  all star ,  tg allowed cek our fav for more	0
spending my first check to go skydiving	0
let me turn the other cheek	0
toonami tried to get sailor moon crystal ? ! ?  ? ! oh my goodness .  #toonamipreflight	1
remember when people used to have ask . fm	0
you left russia ,  patatas! you liar	0
whats going on with austrias goal keeper	0
#growingupwithmyname "oh so your full name is gilbert ? "	2
#growingupwithmyname "oh so your full name is gilbert ? "	4
here comes fam!!! #raw	0
ima be slumped	0
i never watched because i thought it was like a soap but its really good! dammit! great characters!	2
i never watched because i thought it was like a soap but its really good! dammit! great characters!	5
in much need of adventure .  and not that one-night crash course ,  that life changing few months of brand new and fresh air	0
so my boss asked me to become manager and shell give me the pay i want and pay 50% of my school tuition .  .  .  got to fade	0
autymn chubby cheeks makes her look like a chipmunk soso cute	1
this fri ,  i will make for breakfast	5
women negotiate better 4others than themselves	0
he showed me so much shit im forever grateful	1
papa is so cute he remembers red velvet and ice cream cake	0
guess what .  .  .  dory dies in the movie .  fuck yall	0
my throat hurts	1
shit be making me mad af	2
shit be making me mad af	4
bought a whole set of batteries last night and accidentally left them	2
bought a whole set of batteries last night and accidentally left them	4
she said leech	0
buy a sybian ? 	0
forgot to close my tab at the bar on saturday	2
forgot to close my tab at the bar on saturday	4
so louis was again papped  ? !!!!! when will his actual break start #freelouis	1
i fancy it but i dont know how productive it would be	0
its okay ill be alone as usual	1
haha .  well get you right next time . 	1
i love being up in the morning but i hate the waking up process .  but once im up im happy unless im still tired .  then im sad . 	0
shite from aberdeen .  rodgers has a great season with us and is ignored for neil alexander hopefully we put a bid in for him . 	0
omg im never inappropriate can yall stop	0
love the fact that is back in london for 3 weeks even though im like 5 hours away new carpool in	0
just saw you at the tonys! congrats! long way from the stage chs! i knew then youd make it to bway! continued success!	0
yes lets arrange a date while your in town	0
you really one of my favs ,  and you always make me laugh . 	0
with anything! like lil cute crop tops	0
i need sum more girl friends to chill w	1
"prostitution ring" sounding like some cult foh	0
yo pockets look sad  ,  mines smiling	0
thank you .  i dont let my hair down much so i will tonight	0
your umbrella is bigger than mine	1
your umbrella is bigger than mine	4
your umbrella is bigger than mine	1
daenerys handing out friendzone passes all over the place ,  just as joarah was getting lonely! #gameofthrones	0
no she didnt you know what ill keep in mind bitches going be bitches and love tryna be bout that life	0
im ded these tweets ya soo interesting love ya	1
guess ill stay red since my hair didnt wanna change color	2
guess ill stay red since my hair didnt wanna change color	4
hahah ya ,  but very noisy what inside the room!!	0
damn ,  another 8 hours work	0
dammit .  idk if i should wake niya up or what	1
boys are so complicated they probably say that about us girls but still haha	1
finally did something to my hair	1
the weather outside can kiss my ass hope my dog is ok!!	2
the weather outside can kiss my ass hope my dog is ok!!	5
yes megan	0
would love to see giroud get bood off the pitch again #fra #euro2016	0
best of luck ladki	0
im salty i didnt go to and graduation party	2
water proof	0
-___- funnyyyy . 	0
lol interesting	0
neee unnie	0
a few minutes	0
when you up with nobody to talk to &lt ; &lt ; 	1
hey remember when taeyang mentored team a and even sweat with them	1
that just tickle me	0
just might be this week has been too much nd we havent even dropped the project we got a long way to go tho	3
today was so amazing with angel ive never been so happy	1
oh my god this is depressing .  remind me again why i spent weeks writing for this competition ? 	1
damn tell us how you really feel	0
wish i had a dorm already	1
by the end of summer youll be mine all mine just watch	0
never worry about anything .  .  .  not only does god have it ,  karma does too	0
hes lowkey wavey tho	0
its a great night for vsu	0
you wanna eat what my mom made ?  what she make me  .  .  .  . quit fuckin around ,  did she really make food o…	0
well lucky you im on my way!	1
i shouldve known you were gonna do this	2
i shouldve known you were gonna do this	4
hahaha i just know today on the urban dictionary	0
but not many can say horse and repeat in the same sentence #chinup	1
what are you both doing anyway ?  causing trouble ?  eating curtains ? 	0
theres no hoop sessions in tulsa anymore sadly	1
i hate my body	1
waiting on someone to text back 1 min 2 mins 3 mins 4 mins 5 mins 6 mins 7 mins 8 mins 9 min…	0
waiting on someone to text back 1 min 2 mins 3 mins 4 mins 5 mins 6 mins 7 mins 8 mins 9 min…	0
waiting on someone to text back 1 min 2 mins 3 mins 4 mins 5 mins 6 mins 7 mins 8 mins 9 min…	0
waiting on someone to text back 1 min 2 mins 3 mins 4 mins 5 mins 6 mins 7 mins 8 mins 9 min…	2
waiting on someone to text back 1 min 2 mins 3 mins 4 mins 5 mins 6 mins 7 mins 8 mins 9 min…	4
waiting on someone to text back 1 min 2 mins 3 mins 4 mins 5 mins 6 mins 7 mins 8 mins 9 min…	1
waiting on someone to text back 1 min 2 mins 3 mins 4 mins 5 mins 6 mins 7 mins 8 mins 9 min…	4
waiting on someone to text back 1 min 2 mins 3 mins 4 mins 5 mins 6 mins 7 mins 8 mins 9 min…	1
waiting on someone to text back 1 min 2 mins 3 mins 4 mins 5 mins 6 mins 7 mins 8 mins 9 min…	1
waiting on someone to text back 1 min 2 mins 3 mins 4 mins 5 mins 6 mins 7 mins 8 mins 9 min…	4
see you tommorow lad #billysstag	5
right i must get prepared for my fabulous day and get my new cage into my chambers .  an exciting time ahead dears!	2
my new one waaaayyy better than the last	0
i fucking love twitter yo	0
its my birthday in 3 weeks	0
going to this fish fry with my mom  ,  i never knew fish frys only serve fish since the last one and im allergic	2
going to this fish fry with my mom  ,  i never knew fish frys only serve fish since the last one and im allergic	4
duhh terlepas freekick goal bale	3
i honestly have no idea who youre talking about	0
im wide awake . 	2
im wide awake . 	4
rsvp-ed .  see ya thursday .  cant wait to see my art prize	0
love yourself	0
when you know in ya mind whats going on but ya heart not ready to accept it yet	1
whats wrong with my ptptn act	3
whats wrong with my ptptn act	5
i wanna go dt rn	0
pros about -no more boof ass high school -fuck shit up with friends -adventures	0
i want all the degrees &amp ;  all the certificates &amp ;  all the love i can get in the process of being great	0
"im pregnant" "with emotions ? " thats the best part	0
off to see	0
that nigga trash	0
move on ,  move on	0
this has just happened to me	1
i want to go really short but i love long hair	1
ran into mcdaddy at the loft	2
i dont know if relationships are for me im just to crazy &amp ;  im a big babyyyyy	1
i dont know if relationships are for me im just to crazy &amp ;  im a big babyyyyy	1
bro chass needa leave me alone	0
dude this game is so sick	1
im ready for my boss to tell me i can leave work	1
your trip to msu	0
after last night .  .  .  im all set on bottles for life! no more for me lol	0
day drinking .  pho .  ramen .  orange juice .  too hot for soup though	0
youre the best hang soon please!	0
idk how i did on it but i ended with a c	1
im in love you two are amazing!	0
i be at the movies jus bout every week	0
baba don finish our food .  he say na serene	2
baba don finish our food .  he say na serene	4
thanks doll #folksyhour	0
thanks	0
it really does and im living for it	0
freedom freedom where r u	1
freedom freedom where r u	5
i just like my bomber jacket &amp ;  how straight my hair was in my avi	0
but its a new day .   .   .  good morning	0
when you see that youre on when you see that youre next to a red and white	0
when you see that youre on when you see that youre next to a red and white	1
when you "walk by" ? 	0
youve been watching harry potter again huh	0
people dont know the calling gods put on your life	0
lol you and peeping pls bhuti	0
lol you and peeping pls bhuti	0
i really need to eat	1
work in a few	1
nearly as beautiful as the moment he decided to plunge deep inside olivia whilst in bed next to rachel #loveisland #rykard	0
most of the time when someone is talking to me im just thinking about what i want for lunch .  . 	0
most of the time when someone is talking to me im just thinking about what i want for lunch .  . 	0
just thinking of whats going to happen	0
do you like everyones tweets or is just mine	0
so has izzy .  shes asleep on the train &amp ;  just let a loud one off .  blinking stinks	4
- my car take $40 to fill up lord please be with me  . 	1
my lovely baby boys jimin and vee~~~ two bodies but one soul	0
my lovely baby boys jimin and vee~~~ two bodies but one soul	0
i see ppl that was cheering for warriors poppin shit now	1
dialog [standard] is up .  (unofficial) 2016-06-19 08:20:07 utc #bluemix	0
i swear im the only person that doesnt watch #oitnb	0
when im sleepy i laugh at everything	0
just had coffee and pizza	1
vish	3
thanks girl!	0
i havent even left yet and i miss my dog already	1
my life has been made	0
i am looking for  .  .  . 	0
coldplay wristband has now gone out the partys over .  back to work tomorrow	1
coldplay wristband has now gone out the partys over .  back to work tomorrow	1
omg the shrimp!	1
i have every grouper on dnd	1
tristian thompson is cute .  those dimples	0
shoutout to who has to be at work in 3 hours prayin for you if you even got to sleep yet	0
mexicos been so good to me i dont wanna leave	1
mane you just talking	0
we have 3 , 881 vote under the 9th place #mtvawardsstar justin bieber	1
im trying to get sleepy ,  but damn you power nap	2
i need #ncwc20 friends	1
wtf to do today	4
the forecast today was banging georgina! you lovely lady you!	0
were out here where the women thats in #30andup twitter .   ? 	3
were out here where the women thats in #30andup twitter .   ? 	5
what! ?  i hadnt even known that we had gotten our cabin assignments! well have to message each other a lot this month . 	5
some girls asked me if my hair was my own real hair and got hella salty when i said it was	2
some girls asked me if my hair was my own real hair and got hella salty when i said it was	4
good luck	0
greta would be the best choice . 	0
am still in shock !!	1
i wanna visit the beaches of turks and caicos	0
exactly he said go to sleep b4 u get it taken again	0
exactly he said go to sleep b4 u get it taken again	0
graduation was so emotional  .  .  .  and now im officially a senior	3
graduation was so emotional  .  .  .  and now im officially a senior	5
so pretty out this early	0
lisence in a month	0
concept looks cool .  loved spiderman game mechanics	0
im so hurt its ridiculous	0
abu walad with tea	0
ronaldo took 11 shots today	1
im finding that putting all my bad feels into aggressively making stuff is helping	0
aurora sent me a message congratulating me on my grad award winning okay	1
i dont mind her workouts but i have to mute her!	0
i miss driving around and smoking blunts with my sis miss that bih lots	1
tb eh yalla back #فريق_المتسولين_بيزود_فولورز	0
checkmate .  . 	0
that pasta was delicious! we should go back there when you come back again	0
look up how to do a sock bun .  so simple!takes minutes and a beautiful ,  perfect bun every single time!	0
i was so hyped to have tonight off to watch this game .  already ready to turn this garbage off . 	2
thats what im saying bc its not to many hot out chea or fresh yu know  . 	0
aww bae i miss you to	1
i actually take that back .  my boyfriend is perfect . 	0
still out babe need a workers taxi to apolo asap you ?  x	0
still out babe need a workers taxi to apolo asap you ?  x	0
you told me you didnt stan in like may snake	4
watching their videos on youtube and they are really amazing with their predictions	5
im going to call of duty xp 2016! thats a forsure	0
pray and talk to god rn	0
happy birthday enjoy	0
guys album id on spotify .  legit fire yall .  listennn you wont regret it .  the perfect music for my computer apps class	0
im not scared of anyone bro we all need to hangout and do that again haha	0
i gotta be in love w you in order to text you back other then that im only replying cause im bored	0
i gotta be in love w you in order to text you back other then that im only replying cause im bored	1
i gotta be in love w you in order to text you back other then that im only replying cause im bored	1
its really not but i didnt fall asleep till 3 in the am .  .  .  whats wrong w us ?  #weekendsleepissues	2
its really not but i didnt fall asleep till 3 in the am .  .  .  whats wrong w us ?  #weekendsleepissues	4
he is such a fucking prince	0
you &amp ;  your lists shes got this! #rhod	0
ill try	0
if this issue were on the ballot ,  i think it might .  instead ,  were stuck in the republic	1
if this issue were on the ballot ,  i think it might .  instead ,  were stuck in the republic	4
guns total was 2 , 900 , 000 and #ones total was 1 , 650 , 000  .  one lost #smtm5	1
destiny be blowing me	2
destiny be blowing me	4
some yeah would be nice	0
the new mercedes-amg gt r .  .  . 	0
when will u make #livemix and #uktvmix work again	1
attended a music festival .  didnt die . 	0
entry of princess soon watch shakti now on colorstv	0
when your self esteem is totally shot &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; 	1
lol! lettuce not	0
aww mija getting a second job you better not quite bills im miss you	1
- yooooooo bad ass kid just got her ass beat sit tf down and that wont happen	0
- yooooooo bad ass kid just got her ass beat sit tf down and that wont happen	1
happy holidays!	0
im starting to get sleepy .  .  but i must buy rwby things	1
i want new makeup	1
i wish they would just let us be	1
likely be alone for my birthday	2
likely be alone for my birthday	4
awesome .  you can be my inside source .  lol	0
i know its doing my head in	1
klay think he curry	0
like i swear i was expecting like at least a lecture but he was actually happy to see me	0
finally got baptized ! #couldntbeanyhappier	0
re goals	0
i get tempted to get high as a kite some days . 	1
i get tempted to get high as a kite some days . 	4
i need to stop doing these pranks from twitter before i fuck around and be single	0
the rain can come anytime now  ,  i really wanna take the fourwheelers muddin	0
watching the game in glasgow #theyhateus	0
im in love with vikings	0
miss you more	0
my father illegally streaming movies rn .  y we get this man a smart tv for yyyyy	1
i am hollering at that entire thread .  help!	0
hakeem cut his hair	1
tink | bonnie &amp ;  clyde	0
you are from outer space your imagination blows my mind	0
okay im gonna sleep na ulet ,  byers	0
when is the first batch of c63s coupes landing .  mine keeps getting put back i ordered it 9 months ago getting restless	1
i need it so baaadly	1
amazing , hope your having the best time	0
cheers ding ah yeah peugeot team	0
get cut out of work early and get free tickets to see and  ?  ?  ill take it	0
i love people i share my name with so much:) there arent many of us ,  so the few that actually exist are the raddest mother fuckers alive	0
your icon is so attractive ,  i cant even	0
they didnt have to pick thompson to be in 2016 olympics smh	1
no i tweet random shit that goes their my mind	0
no i tweet random shit that goes their my mind	1
have a panic attack for the first time in months and now they are happening more and more . 	1
hate when people sugar coat things ,  tell me straight up .  i wont get hurt	0
what a heartless mofo	2
autumn just barged into my house and told me to hurry up bc cute amish guy was riding down her road and we had to catch up to him	0
it doesnt fit me anymore	1
its tuesday .  that means only one thing - #summerride! meet at pembroke café at 7 ,  finishing with beanjar on the beach!	0
wym  ?  i do respect you you the one that needs to start to respect yourself and me more	0
wym  ?  i do respect you you the one that needs to start to respect yourself and me more	0
dont forget though .  it was me that was the problem	0
fuck me	1
its gonna be one hell of an episode	0
its gonna be one hell of an episode	3
its gonna be one hell of an episode	5
of course the steam summer sale is right after spring break ends instead if right before it .  ya jerks	1
i can say that i enjoyed myself tho despite that gates came at 4 but he came tho so that all that mattered	2
i can say that i enjoyed myself tho despite that gates came at 4 but he came tho so that all that mattered	4
wtf .  even the fucking feet are sweating .  im screwed .  so screwed .  . 	1
good night ,  tori kelly	0
gets the win over (sorry john)	0
starting to freak out about the exam	1
starting to freak out about the exam	4
all i wanna do is run my bands up this summer fuck allat extra shit	1
sure did	0
the shortest man on the pitch makes another good header again .  shame on you tall men	0
"did they kill this rat bastard ?  good!" - #deadfiles	0
i cant use it in our fridge ,  my parents will be wtf at it	0
you two have so much in common	0
yes! someone else who loves suits! totally under appreciated gem . 	0
i find it the funniest when celebrities clap back at people	0
damn lords will ill be 21 soon niggas getting old af out here smh	1
tisu please .  .  .  .  #lambaianramadan	1
hi ,  welcome back .  #aldubksreunion	0
its ok .  .  .  if learned to ignore people like you	0
austin is 4 days before my 21st b day	1
you sound like my mom she kept saying that before i left	2
you sound like my mom she kept saying that before i left	4
gonna have to watch the nba draft now	0
stop it moe	1
surely will do	0
i need to start hanging out with my friends more	1
we dont need any luck we are the best	0
happy birthday may god always bless you ,  my its my birthday	0
i just dont know about life sometimes	1
nani playing again	1
my brother is home from uni and i couldnt be anymore happier very proud of him for passing his 1st year top of the	0
dr .  love ang peg ko tonight . 	0
dont try to be my friend just to turn around and be fake its okay to hate me ,  bitch .  yall not supposed to like me	0
my back hurt from top golf	1
this dude hit on me and said i was cute and my reply was "its the makeup"	0
my heart is broken	1
tell me about it	1
do you want to go back here in vigan for vacation ?  #askbailey	0
hells yeah	0
i want cupcakes	1
one of the guys asked me if it hurt when i fell out of the sky &amp ;  then he yelled ,  "hallelujah"	0
yoo get dizzy	3
yoo get dizzy	5
when	1
em breve iremos postar a letra de going home!	0
then dont ask me to take care of your child	0
*gasps* couldnt bear it had it have been a joke the world need brownie b…	5
im terrible at broadcasting on time	0
what is wrong with the world #prayforturkey	1
trying to give someone the world is hard to do when people just play games	1
seriously ? 	1
seriously ? 	4
love/hate relationship with working so much	0
cause ppl arent the fuckin same ,  but	1
i seriously got lucky with everyone thanks god ,  except with my fav daehyun im still waiting ill always wait	1
funny how people saw mine and brendans relationship coming a mile away and we didnt even see it	0
i sound like im slowly dying	1
from the one time we hung out youre pretty cool! but you ask a lot of questions and i answer	0
you must not be apart of it	1
uncle beta .  .  .  .  kia karty ho ?  me business uncle kesa business krty ho ?  me none of your business	0
uncle beta .  .  .  .  kia karty ho ?  me business uncle kesa business krty ho ?  me none of your business	0
yeah its so disheartening but its ok theres other opportunities out there	0
im hungry .  i need food	1
lol! that must have been a nightmare to get off!	0
damn all my girls lookin so right today	0
goodmorning james have a great start to your day take care from the uk	0
i dont even want to imagine	0
stg ima boss up on ha ass one day though	1
yep .  .  .  i have a "z" collection	0
they are making a comeback ,  so you can relive your youth! i know i am!	0
i facetimed yo dirty ass lastnight!	2
i facetimed yo dirty ass lastnight!	4
niggas hate that they probably be looking at the video like who these niggas	0
alone and his own food	1
alone and his own food	4
thank you bb ,  im now awake .  wait whats your name ? 	0
txt no show 1 hour ago . 	3
txt no show 1 hour ago . 	5
everyone talked about joons dance solo but what about jins	1
i know its definitely orange juice like	0
toxic	4
get one morning gal back and another leaves	1
i had the same thought . 	2
i had the same thought . 	4
dropped my phone and it made a loud noise .  and then im just like all calm .  .  .  " damn that was loud " and then i pick it up and its broke	1
successfully ordered a tri delta hat off the tshirt swap fb page and i feel very accomplished rn	0
youre tripping lol .  a&amp ; m isnt that far off from either of the other colleges you mentioned anyways	0
ive never been asked to a dance lol	0
i be in the house 24/7 and idk why	1
xbot logic .  . 	0
i swear every time someone "k" me i spell out my name because	4
the longer giorgi stays in wimbledon the more interest the male population have in the womens competition	0
seriously ,  where did this sore throat come from ? ! ? 	4
i hate real bras now .  sports bra every day this summer	0
ive just made my sofa into a bed ,  and ive left the keys under the plant pot .  if you get cold or uncomfortable ,  feel free . 	1
she is a sable german sheperd! ill send you a picture of her	0
theyre moving so fast	0
these cramps are deadly	1
these cramps are deadly	4
haha on the clock . 	0
im not making up lies .  you sent her a picture of yourself to her and were obsessed with her but im the one	0
bar tonight &amp ;  party	0
tired of the same ole  .  .  .  .  time for something new	0
i just really need this election to be over its not about policies right this second it should be about mourning those lost	1
thank you	0
drama move on na girl	2
drama move on na girl	4
pool scene	0
dear thanks for being my hero and my smile everyday .  to be followed by you would be the best gift . :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes:️ i love you idol ~521	0
shaquille made me leave the club early last night to be at home with him	1
they still have another good 6 months of growth ahead of them	3
they still have another good 6 months of growth ahead of them	5
it sucks when you want to call someone because you miss their voice but cant	1
chill b	0
last day in rancho thank the lord	0
aint nobody out here worth my time	0
the man in the top right corner	0
2 more south and north americans ,  1 african and may be a polar bear from antarctica were needed to complete a globe!	0
refs lol ,  i see what you did there	2
i live too far	0
babys otp snoring	1
top posted the trailer for his new movie &amp ;  i wanna see it	1
nigga lebron n kyrie scored 82 together 41 each bitch now get off lebron hairline	0
i did say hi i was like "heyyy whats up ? " then youu just stuck youre hand out	0
dayum! what he do	1
project	1
this pain is killing me	1
thanks and i know i am	0
damn niggas need at least good ones tho u out	0
*walks into kitchen &amp ;  finds spider* "mom theres a spider in here!!!! .  .  .  . mom!!!! .  .  . mom ?  .  .  .  .  . oh . " i miss my mom	1
you right edge control	0
cannot wait for love island tonight	0
guess what ?  imissyouagain . 	1
claremente	3
claremente	5
yall this dude that took what im taking now came back to basically offer jobs overseas paying six figures .  .  . n all you need is your ccna	3
yall this dude that took what im taking now came back to basically offer jobs overseas paying six figures .  .  . n all you need is your ccna	5
im not listening to no more thug	3
im not listening to no more thug	5
absolutely	0
central intelligence looks so good	0
amazing smile	0
when he sings to me . 	0
thats the only pizza id share	0
work again tomorrow	1
good night dad . plz take care of ur health &amp ;  keep blessing us	0
no one can forget u shivu ur very sweet u will find tallest and talented guy like arjun	0
no one can forget u shivu ur very sweet u will find tallest and talented guy like arjun	0
watchin the matrix	0
how are you bb ? 	0
see how lallana is pressing .  . klopp has killed him with gegenpressing	0
dude theyre like perfect together lol i love who william levy is in that novela ,  hes so perfect and shes the cutest!	1
jord said .  tweet her back morocco . 	0
| you been ducked off  .  how you been kid ? 	0
make a yung nigga gun blow	3
exactly right lol ,  its no fun without pain	0
sure you wanna do that ? 	3
sure you wanna do that ? 	5
i hate that i cant eat it	1
everyone and their momma swears theyre the plug until you hit them up for a sack	2
everyone and their momma swears theyre the plug until you hit them up for a sack	4
my nigga thadddd the god	0
lil niggas gonna be talking to mike jones all summer	0
while im in mia im try too get sum clips	0
just realized that i havent eaten in more than 24 hours	4
oh god ,  not the whore im thinking about is it ? 	0
really ? 	0
that picture i found of me and ash i looked so dumb!	0
welcome	0
i wanna be more excited than i am about the reboot ,  but the new host is a white bro and the mad is an evil lady .  same old tropes . 	1
ill hit that spot if you let me	0
couldnt see that coming from bale	0
confessions intimes	0
ready to be done with this . 	1
me too	1
lmao how he find this pic they messed aaron up	0
aahhhh my pleasure!!! so glad u like her	0
yes maam	1
yeah we aint part of the eu no more ,  you man go to bed	1
hi ,  sweetie! happy fathers day to your papa! god bless!	0
too typical .  i hate burberry	0
jock swag ,  nerd ambition	0
my body is sore as hell .  i need a massage	1
im just now heading back got first in 200 tho easy  .  .  . 	2
i cant wait to meet you tomorrow!	0
face mask on ,  time to relax . 	0
lol my older bro big as hell .  .  ill take loving for 1000 fym but im not that crazy just to my bro cause he big	0
evet	0
regret	1
damnnn  . 	0
currently wanting chinese food	1
buzzing for casualty tomorrow	0
congrats luke .  youre the best at exercising	0
please me let hide in your suitcase	1
the cursed child was absolutely nothing like i expected but completely exceeded my expectations	1
my checks gunna be so decent this week and i only work monday tuesday &amp ;  sunday	0
my checks gunna be so decent this week and i only work monday tuesday &amp ;  sunday	0
really need to start wearing my glasses more	0
it only took 2 months and one day but we are officially living in our house! with no useable kitchen ,  living room or dining room . 	0
im obsessed with my new yeti cup	0
the two #wal fans didnt enjoy the rousing rendition of footballs coming home in the office just now! #eng	0
deion had me confused asf	0
header credits to	0
i hate sleeping alone man	1
nanak night wish	3
nanak night wish	5
lmao  .  .  .  id pay good british pounds to see that (not euros)	0
thanks for the happy birthday	0
lmao couldnt you get one without the electric stuff in it and just use the timer ? 	0
lay the only daughter i fw fr .  i gotta link with her soon	1
ust files	0
curry is so salty he keeps getting his shit smashed by james	0
maybe i dont deserve you ,  or you just deserve better	1
jeremy corbyn on the last leg is amazing	0
im wayyyyyy late on the bandwagon ,  but cage the elephant! my ears are happy	0
somebody gone be my victim	2
don’t know if they’ re just joking or serious about these imessage things… #wwdc16	0
spied you - busy as usual!	0
its obviously been a long time since ive worn heels ,  my feet are killing me	1
just give me the okay cause hes getting on my nerves	0
i wanna go see the conjuring	1
first night in the dorm	0
my dad understands that too well	0
diso looks liiiiiit	0
// i liked how close we got during the school year ,  but now i never hear from you change that . 	4
// i liked how close we got during the school year ,  but now i never hear from you change that . 	0
ple ase time is going by so fast odhdj	1
some niggas be 17 , 18 talking to 14 , 13 yr olds gone catch a charge  . 	0
thanks for the follow	0
hells yeah come over ill get you feelin real good	0
hi mylvs	0
i hope we can still be friends	1
world liberals*	0
omg i love urban decay!	0
my snap story is going to be the one that everyone hates on tuesday but i dont even care cause its jb	0
i cant stop laughing omg	0
i need to go to nyc missing fam	1
i just want my backpack and bed	1
want some oatmeal bad	1
thursday night marseille locals started on them too i have english friends who were caught up there .  completely stupid no need	2
thursday night marseille locals started on them too i have english friends who were caught up there .  completely stupid no need	5
your avi is cute	0
women who can pull off short haircuts	0
not making many tips online these past couple days maybe i should make new videos and revamp my profile ? 	0
not making many tips online these past couple days maybe i should make new videos and revamp my profile ? 	1
always say money is like a boomerang ,  if you throw it away ,  it always comes back	0
already fucking annoyed	2
already fucking annoyed	4
the game come on tonight but he w/ his folks	0
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	0
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	0
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	0
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	0
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	0
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	2
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	4
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	4
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	1
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	2
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	2
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	1
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	1
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	4
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	1
perempuan kalau ada masalah but all we see the next day  .  .  . because thats who she is	1
dont do it theyre lame asf and they all stink	0
all my camp perez members are all grown up now they aint babies anymore	1
all my camp perez members are all grown up now they aint babies anymore	1
ran momma a bath with a couple of lush surprised ,  determined shell like something!	0
i real life wish i could find somebody all about me	1
somebody can tell me why ppp govt was devolved by their own presidents  ?  pl quote charges also .  .  . 	0
about half the text messages of me and reed are about food	0
best believe this is going to be my last flvs course	4
awww ,  look at that adorable face! but of course shes adorable ,  i mean look at her parents . 	0
i am deadly serious wales were humiliated	0
thanks already entered	0
stop giving penalties away sounds more like a game of union than league .  penalty kick ,  penalty kick . 	1
i barely do shit for myself but when i do or plan to i get called selfish smh	0
i hate when my head hurts so bad it makes me cry	1
thank you guys for lemme stay here illegally	0
have fun!	0
* youre the cutest thing ever! you &amp ;  liz! i love! i wish we talked more! youre going to camp too right ? 	0
cami talking bout what you did to eddie	1
thought you lived in reston now ?  &amp ;  bet ,  whatever works for you	0
so smoke detectors at midnight &amp ;  then dog crapping in my room at 330am .  looks like sunday is going to be a banner day	2
so smoke detectors at midnight &amp ;  then dog crapping in my room at 330am .  looks like sunday is going to be a banner day	4
had mine for years ,  sir . 	0
glad he off the stage #betawards16	1
the girl at the cruz thru said i made her day . 	0
ion just sit on my ass	0
my dad is literally still salty over what britain did to india i cant talk to him about anything	0
never going to get my braids because nobody ever responds when i ask my question	2
never going to get my braids because nobody ever responds when i ask my question	4
not a damn thing  .  .  . momma took my ps4 controller cause i didnt take the trash out	1
i should have stayed home man ima be so tired	1
making vegetarian pad thai and by making it i mean watching hadeel make it . 	0
i over think wayyyy too much	0
ok so imma change into a dallas account now hahaha dont unfollow guys im highkey multi fandom bish hahaha	0
its a lot going on this week	1
mfs gon wish they never did me dirty	2
conjuring 2 tonight	2
i make my pregnant cousin contract	0
haha i will do dont you worry!	0
im tired of mfs talking stupid i been letting shit slide for too long if you gone say something bout me and mines be direct	2
im tired of mfs talking stupid i been letting shit slide for too long if you gone say something bout me and mines be direct	4
im tired of mfs talking stupid i been letting shit slide for too long if you gone say something bout me and mines be direct	4
green looks like zouma after he hits a three point . 	0
yooo i cant believe her omg	1
so sorry for her and all the victims of this piece of unprecedented stupidity	1
chivalry is dead for gian carlo #dolceamorethedecision	5
thanks	0
ill tell you that when we go downtown on your 21st bday	0
i never said i didnt .  .  .  i know i did	0
iftar alone	1
uhh it works sometimes but i got to be cute about it i ate that 3 days straight already	0
some people with different surnames are silver spoon fed brats too! so i guess ,  its not all about the name!	0
no under pressure by far is better	0
is my dad and is my mom	0
so means i should go to sleep now if i want to wake up on time and get ready . 	4
been trying to resolve a problem with for 4 hrs via twitter	2
been trying to resolve a problem with for 4 hrs via twitter	4
whuuuut	1
i blend with the hood im camouflage	2
chest hurt	4
im here in an empty office on my first day and i dont even dare to sit on the other side of the table	1
thank you	0
#bigasspoolparty june everyone in til 12 5479 memorial dr .  stone mountain ga #thebaddiesatl 5	2
#bigasspoolparty june everyone in til 12 5479 memorial dr .  stone mountain ga #thebaddiesatl 5	0
i cant even take the smell	4
my left finger tips look repulsing ,  but since its all for god ,  im not even bothered by it	2
my left finger tips look repulsing ,  but since its all for god ,  im not even bothered by it	5
and i didnt get to use mine yet	1
you deserve it	0
my body has had enough these last 3 days	1
cause we have a committee and youre not invited . 	0
im so attached to him	1
stop all of this stupid bombings	4
betty #lahhatl	2
betty #lahhatl	4
mentions:sunset::hot_beverage:️ for a mention #like for a follow are welcome	0
im spoiled too  ,  sikee hey cutie	0
im spoiled too  ,  sikee hey cutie	0
which friends are those	0
i saw that the other day i want it	0
lola camped out since 11 pm yesterday to welcome the inauguration of president duterte she must be so excited now! htt…	0
elevator small talk needs to be illegal . 	2
elevator small talk needs to be illegal . 	4
my wifey yo i love ya ass so muchhhh you need to come to florida	1
my wifey yo i love ya ass so muchhhh you need to come to florida	1
lady ic3 and black ice	0
ive been working at mcdonalds doing drive through and my mom just called and i said "hi how can i help you"	4
fukin bitches	0
that 9 thats my baby protect me on a daily!	0
hope pulls out a dub tn . 	0
hate is just a strong word!	2
i want it	1
i have so much to do but iv hit a like mid day slump	0
me and anna just be playing with yall on here .  we really are children of the lord	0
lets have some mind games	0
is it wrong to say i love the stories on the show ?  i only wish i had a robbie rinder in my family what an influence he is . 	0
i got just a little sunburnt today .  .  or maybe alot	0
i almost came to work without a bra this morning	0
dear twitter ,  whom would i cry to ,  if it werent for you ?  the pain in my spinal cord is so bad!!! feelin like i just had surgery	1
cool .  enjoy!	0
while secretary of state ,  on government hours ,  amassed +$150 million . 	2
i be twatching my shorty	0
logan couture is just though #stanleycup	0
 .  finally watching fifty shades of grey	0
nigga was ready to fight steve kerr if he said something wrong dat boy was big mad	0
would hate to be at the races today  ,  shit weather but men in suits	0
lmao but hes cute huh	0
ive been supporting you always but you keep ignoring me but i will never give up on my dream to get a follow from you . 	0
my favorite friendship	1
awesome ,  was a ee major too! love how many sw folks have their roots in hw	0
so excited to see my girls tonight	0
that would be crazy fr	3
that would be crazy fr	5
yall stay toasty with like not a drop of rain	0
ugh but congrats ,  kyrie #suchagoodgame	0
i hope my parents meets my kids before they leave this world	1
you should be the last one calling someone wall-less ,  when you .  .  .  . nvm	0
far from it but thank you	0
i know buddy .  not every costly thing is beautiful .  afterall . 	0
i know buddy .  not every costly thing is beautiful .  afterall . 	0
my baby ralph is having puppy dreams &amp ;  he keeps barking	1
i want to go to the beach	1
#thebrothersgrimsby is a gross yet very funny movie ive seen much gross ,  cult genre films so i just happened to enjoy sacha baron cohen	0
youre my friend and youre too much rude!	2
those base cards look like mugshots when on preview	0
i want to get my truck painted black	0
no im just spoiled	0
trigger finger itchin	2
im basically done but i have to wait another 20-30 minutes beforei can leave and i will	1
my nigga told me he think he love me last night lol i just started crying i dont deserve him	1
4 more days buddy	1
future ol fine ass	0
#taysalamatsa lahat ng sacrifices mo samen we love you so much	0
#taysalamatsa lahat ng sacrifices mo samen we love you so much	0
why does have to be so good at being a diabolical psychopath though ?  #theperfectguy luv the movie	0
aww omg have you taken anything for them	1
aww omg have you taken anything for them	1
dolo workout session in the am im gone get it	2
im sorry you had to wake up to this .  i was hoping this was all a dream i just cant believe this happened .  cruel world . 	1
fully just put myself in a bad mood	0
end of search	0
#betawards almost here im finna be joced out bad tonight	0
i have an appetite of a pregnant lady and i aint gained a pound	0
all gs fans i recommend staying in the house cuz either way u gone get fucked up	0
idk what to do anymore	1
just booked my certified chef for this cookout im throwing .  wait on it!!	0
i wanna see finding dory again so bad	0
- jakol - michael - one of my fav mutuals mehehe - goaaaalllss - labyu ♡♡	1
cause you just saw my retweeet your welcome	0
im so bored and sad	1
you cute	0
ahh i just finished season 12 ,  i feel lost without watching greys now lol	1
anderson cooper was so emotional reading their names	1
he sounds like a grandpa singing in a videoke bar	0
i have a feeling that knows that is a castor troy gif! #schmoedown	0
douglas costa ,  what a flop	0
thank you	0
when u try and make your instagram like alishas but all it ever does in the uk is rain ilysm	0
when u try and make your instagram like alishas but all it ever does in the uk is rain ilysm	0
when u try and make your instagram like alishas but all it ever does in the uk is rain ilysm	0
we got some fake people in this world . 	0
baby comes home today	2
got me all the way fucked up	2
got me all the way fucked up	4
so excited .  finally got my hands on some #kylielipkit	0
beast at basketball aha youll go far in life juss keep doing what you do	0
my aunt amanda just threw down	0
i thought you might like it . 	0
i gotta headache	1
#stoneroses ! what a night! happily going to bed now! with a legend	0
i never did mind loaning money with nothing in return	0
tye need to see that	0
welcome!	0
the old bitch scored	0
also working also gutted missed a free day at the track think my dad is going , txt yr dad tuesday to let him know it was on	0
fob bro in law thinks he knws all there is to knw abt america n ignores my dad who lived here ~30yrs .  .  .  boy stfu before u hurt urself	2
i hate iphone headphones	2
i hate iphone headphones	4
on my way! save me some enchiladas ? 	0
the real question is who would push who ? 	0
got it .  im already pre-medicating	0
finally watched all the shitty downloads i had and on to the season i have good quality downloads of	0
youre welcome rizzo	0
i brought you some just not the kind you like	1
lmao you arent a fan of the cowboys .  .  . but 80% of your tweets are in reference to the cowboys!! #undercoverfan #cowboysnationbiatch	0
thanks sun	0
when you find a house you want so badly but its 11pm on a friday night and your realtor is not answering #soimpatient	1
man man said he aint lit shit	0
my professors wifes due date is today and he is sitting in class looking like a nervous wreck	1
my boyfriends such a bully	0
i couldnt function without music	1
thanks	0
he woke me up because i was sleeping and he was working . 	0
anbody who has natural hair dm me on how you maintain your hair w/ a sew in cause i really want one id greatly appreciate it like frfr	1
he like his girls with full lips	0
ohhh!!! #theshrimpposition - thats great!!	0
alright you "sardines" smelling bitch	2
alright you "sardines" smelling bitch	4
time for long drive aati hu tc	0
time for long drive aati hu tc	0
you stupid people .  .  .  it is mine ,  not mines #petpeeves	2
you stupid people .  .  .  it is mine ,  not mines #petpeeves	4
thank you!	0
te fuck it seems like you just tweeted random letter tbh	0
"when we talk we literally sound like were arguing ,  but we arent really thats just how we talk to each other"	0
u can pack me so u can enjoy it . 	0
jamaica in two days	2
jamaica in two days	5
hey ,  i havent been to sheffield yet ,  dont make it more difficult	0
this is like the first series im not googling ill just be surprised	0
coo my weirdest dreams happen during nap time . 	1
and youre welcome din pala	0
i dont give a about you you you and you	0
around 3 hours ? 	0
like wales phil strange comment	0
happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday dear dan howell happy birthday to you we love u	0
fuck u bitch ass bitch	4
so pretty &amp ;  cool	0
i thought you knew ?  our brains betray us every chance they get	0
that and i was like the only one who entered	0
just shake it out	0
drive with care ading	0
i do too	0
this cookie sizzling in the wood	1
thank you baelish for always coming through .  sansa pulling the right strings .  my girls are dominating . 	0
thanks god i stayed home	0
i tried	0
hello dorkies!	0
i need a nigga thats boring with no friends just like me lbs	0
i love amy winehouse	1
thats why you my fave .  .  .  . you understand me	0
just a suggestion .  cant blame him for not giving you a plus one ,  tbh .  its not like #mickuplines are effective . 	0
dont think so	0
thats what im saying a nice gift for me	1
keep your head up girly! itll be okay . 	0
good luck for tomorrow and the rest of the week babe got my fingers crossed for you and max	0
cavs not gonna win this type of game they rope a doping us	1
i didnt know this side of you youre hilarious	0
fucking mad my bracelet i got from my grandma broke man	1
camp bro always got in trouble	1
youll see	0
when left i shed a couple tears ! like who am i getting drunk with now  ?  cuss these other bitches be i…	1
i cant believe it  .  .  .  . 	1
i miss being in class with you and all the tea we would spill stop being a stranger and text me	1
im so blind yo you will never catch without my googles on	0
im so blind yo you will never catch without my googles on	1
lol you think that  ? 	0
i thought zootopia was gonna be furry trash ,  but it was actually really really good	0
oh no .  .  .  .  .  .  .  is it really time	1
i was charged 365$ 2 days after dropoff in ben gurion airport .  inspector found no damage .  can you provide an explanation ? 	4
#jendiygiveaway hope to win &amp ; 380	0
i know bc "sanchez"	0
busy with other social apps	0
glad that chickaboo is safe now .  the running ostrich on kl federal highway	0
well im wearing a bathing suit	1
anyone want to drop me a 444	0
you get real on tha pill and i like it	0
thanks for following me . 	0
done with season 1 of #shadesofblue is the boss	0
it doesnt help that im allergic to them either . 	1
welcome back zerah	0
&amp ;  you wouldnt get jon snow	1
north side of philly is my side of town	0
you a clown	0
i love you hun	0
international football lives up to its reputation for often by quite boring #euro2016	0
so true miss you!	0
they building a taco bell and a golden carroll about 3 min away from my crib im too on	1
they building a taco bell and a golden carroll about 3 min away from my crib im too on	5
thanks for the suggestion! look out for our next update .  you can change notification settings for the meantime	0
where do i last year track always at wing bonz you cute band you drove my car died im gonna miss u	0
where do i last year track always at wing bonz you cute band you drove my car died im gonna miss u	0
its bedtime .  pleasant dreams	0
this money coming in is just confusing shit right now you just told me i ain’t shit and i guess i’m proving it right now	1
this money coming in is just confusing shit right now you just told me i ain’t shit and i guess i’m proving it right now	3
this money coming in is just confusing shit right now you just told me i ain’t shit and i guess i’m proving it right now	5
they mommas shoulda swallowed they ass	0
i was just there!	0
no but there was this woman from florida close enough . 	0
rly want to eat ice cream but i gotta control my eating habits fr	1
lmaooo remember when said her milkshake brought the boys to the yard in home room i was too dead	1
im not going football today	0
yeah i wont be sleeping tonight . 	3
yeah i wont be sleeping tonight . 	5
why all the people not doing carnival has to be bitter ? 	3
why all the people not doing carnival has to be bitter ? 	5
you wont  .  .  . 	0
my life is just a domino effect of unfortunate events	1
get ready for some more hacks and beauty tips!! coming soon! subscribe to find out! link in bio! #teasers #blogs #subscribe	0
yes definitely	0
im thisclose to punching you in the fucking throat . 	0
first trip down on river bottoms for awhile ,  later planted non irrigated looking rough	3
first trip down on river bottoms for awhile ,  later planted non irrigated looking rough	5
but its my money	1
too much alone time for me	1
was this about the punctuation ?  ?  its my worst nightmare	0
the neon demon was aesthetically great ,  but its story wasnt the best .  im glad finding dory made up for it though!	0
finally home	1
somebody talk to me	1
me too the list is about 1800 pages long	1
you know what that means  ?  we can finally get a name of his hairdresser	0
thanks doll .  so are you	0
well if it magically makes my body look like yours yes please	0
ross barkley and john stones didnt pick up and injuries for due to the preference to play wilshere &amp ;  others!	4
miss you gf ,  thank you	0
i like the blue so much better	1
i was talking about last summer when i was in texas and this one because well korea	0
chill ass nights with the two most chillest girls	0
you havent even finished college ? 	0
katelyn picked the worst time to go offline	1
exoooo babiesssssss	0
i need summer clothes fr ,  all i have is jeans	1
and the absolutely beautiful gokyo in the foreground .  safe and happy travels	0
hinga din guys chill our hearts	0
at least you know where i am	0
wish mfs were just straight up	0
mad bc i missed this gabby prom twitter beef	2
game of thrones	3
ive already had to listen to how it should be just called a crime against humanity and not include anything about lgbt	1
im busy	0
i think im in love everything is so delicate and beautiful if only i had money	0
i think im in love everything is so delicate and beautiful if only i had money	0
i think im in love everything is so delicate and beautiful if only i had money	1
lmao theres always a meme for these things and i knowwww! i think this is a sign to man up	0
lmao theres always a meme for these things and i knowwww! i think this is a sign to man up	2
lmao theres always a meme for these things and i knowwww! i think this is a sign to man up	4
a walk to remember will always be one of my favorite movies .  but it gets me every single time . 	1
federal election pre poll clinically completed in 2 minutes in moonee ponds no lines &amp ;  certainly no votes for the greens	0
dont have our pictures but happy birthday bill love you:red_heart:️:double_exclamation_mark:️	1
i be in my own lane	0
pokemon go possibly out next month ?  body is not ready for this	1
pokemon go possibly out next month ?  body is not ready for this	4
you can come visit and stay with us but you gotta bring hannah and abbie with you too	0
mate better then these blokes especially when you have them in your multi	1
i really wish jada lived in chicago	1
scratch ticket	1
jinho is afraid of dog and now hes afraid of "ghost"	0
no idea what im doing	0
omg ,  why didnt you tell me ? 	0
why ?  ?  ?  soo pissed!	2
hi requesting new song #milikkuabadi #suriacinta  .  thank u	0
snapchat is an experience like no other ,  welcome!	0
excuse my french	0
seungkwan ,  getting scaredy cat	0
niall horan -jessica	0
why couldnt hey have killed someone else	1
theres just so much task in hand	1
thank you! it took me forever to figure what i wanted	0
thank you! it took me forever to figure what i wanted	0
all glory to god who answered every prayer .  huhuhu thank you kay lord .  thank you ,  ate riya .  i love you	0
all glory to god who answered every prayer .  huhuhu thank you kay lord .  thank you ,  ate riya .  i love you	1
singing work from home - has made my bloody day	0
stressed is an understatement i have about 10 days to find one	1
i swear when exos promoting ,  i feel like i dont give bts enough attention and vice versa its hard having 2 ults man	0
grabeng assignment	1
my brother said "everybody can cook" my 5 year old godson goes "except white people"	1
"last week i had zero jobs ,  this week i have two . "	0
tev goes to texas	0
same	0
self- kalma u can do this	0
cant wait for many more games w youuuuu	0
i want to go see the conjuring 2	1
why am i always horny ? ! ? !	2
yeahh we watching #livinlozada on  . 	0
love you long time	0
management is doing things right .  leadership is doing the right things .  im on some sophocles philosophizin type shit	0
yall take twitter way too seriously its comical	0
im so glad you like it ,  so far!	0
ehh you got me there	0
it wasnt good	1
thank you	0
it was probably a bad idea to have all the yearbook kids stand up .  .  .  now the whole school knows theyre the ones who fucked up	0
and you said "fuck no i got a bby in globe" right ? 	0
nothing claire ,  nothing	1
carry on!  .  .  . and its nighttime here in london!	0
im tryna change but anastasia keep testing me	1
my pony tail got long but thats all about to come to an end	0
you said you wouldnt and you fucking did	0
me too but he stills need to be jumped by the bros	0
i just love you	0
well you just xd out half the community no shade	1
stop texting shawty like damn yo	2
stop texting shawty like damn yo	4
no i wasnt or was i dont remember but tmp kid !	0
pray for me uce	0
still cant believe jr thought my name was macy for 2 days	0
keep em talking while noding .  (stalling so the brain can catch up) if that fails just ask point blank while laughing it off	0
theyre just jealous and wtf!! this is absurd	1
staten is so wack but im too lazy on saturdays to leave	1
good choice babe ,  the wound is still fresh .  let it heal for a bit	0
our plans never go our way imy bro	1
no girl you gotta find the right ones .  the ones that not playing games .  about they and can tell you what it is . 	2
no girl you gotta find the right ones .  the ones that not playing games .  about they and can tell you what it is . 	0
no girl you gotta find the right ones .  the ones that not playing games .  about they and can tell you what it is . 	1
not scared i just got fat to burn sum you gotta pick up on the only thing im scared of is your blood sugar &amp ;  cholesterol	1
thanks wooh! - a	0
thanks wooh! - a	0
never been sent home from work before apparently a teacher without a voice is pretty useless #tooquiet #fixmeplease	1
your nit as behind as me so you win	0
still cant sleep . 	1
we did give .  .  . and have	0
i still feel so uncomfortable	1
i spent and hr plus there	1
im high rt all this shit	0
they calling loni the help	1
plans for today sleep	0
wanna put my stuff in my car and go . 	1
i fucking give up	0
look at my profile	0
put some respeck on my name	2
were is our invite to opening	0
thank you!! miss and love you too	0
all i do is win i hate to lose	0
all i do is win i hate to lose	2
all i do is win i hate to lose	4
aww this is basically our group chat for the whole day summed up .  we are happy for you as thx lover	0
aww this is basically our group chat for the whole day summed up .  we are happy for you as thx lover	0
aww this is basically our group chat for the whole day summed up .  we are happy for you as thx lover	0
yeah! just quite sad all the people losing their jobs when the bosses have loads of money .  #cantwaittillyourhome	0
well lol	0
absolute nightmare journey home from london today - should have been home an hour ago &amp ;  im still nowhere near	1
why it gotta be something wrong with him	1
come back to philippines my queen! everytime i listen to your music and my dream is to see you in concert hope youll love it	1
highkey sad that mariah and i arent roommates though we had plans	1
highkey sad that mariah and i arent roommates though we had plans	1
jake couldve had his first feature win on dirt but he spun out with 3 to go thats racing i guess	1
want drink but no money	1
well what can i even say! good appetite i guess get some sleep ,  save some energy for tomo…	0
pain was a affected by madara	0
this wendys 4 for $4 is a must	0
i think i heard or read somewhere that their cups are not recyclable . 	1
a "body double"	0
boong	4
thank you	0
i rarely ask neil to buy me anything unless its food lol oh and well cant say the other thing but he knows	0
i have such an amazing god ,  family ,  church family and friends! #grateful	0
yes they are required at least you are going to japan so soon!!	0
lmao we finna be the most threatening looking niggas in the world	4
ah of course same bro	0
its everything	0
ay no on results day ill be shitting it ,  im saying my prayers	3
ay no on results day ill be shitting it ,  im saying my prayers	5
account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy .  learn more . 	0
i love you baby you are the absolute best boyfriend ever -the girl you call jus	0
shit is crazy bro	1
i keep rejecting this fuckboy so hes prob gon end up murdering me .  just know i died a savage mf cant have my damn cheesecakes	0
trust me you would but thank you	0
eid why you no come ? 	0
still cant get over the fact that i was chillin w in my dream last night he even smiled	0
it kinda does like its all repetitive stuff	1
you can really tell whos been dropped by a gemini or two . 	0
im always waking up with headache	4
imagine	0
last night	1
lol who you callin a hoe ?  hoe!	0
welcome back ,  tim donaghy . 	2
welcome back ,  tim donaghy . 	4
thanks!	0
sole shit this is stuck in my head	0
you should check out the gilmore guys podcast - one is a long-time fan ,  other is a newbie ,  its fun times!	0
just realized that ive finished two animes in two days and started another one earlier oh god im	0
i been home for damn near 3 weeks and i still havent had fried chiccen	0
only thing i miss about tacoma is pho hoa	1
is an angel	0
i love everything about you and your sweet pussy . 	0
same with me i heard it first through igot7 program .  both the show and the song really made me love their dorky side haha	1
same with me i heard it first through igot7 program .  both the show and the song really made me love their dorky side haha	4
you simply wrote what you wanted to believe ,  high horse get off	0
my new job is so amazing .  i get to work for a company who is helping others .  exactly the opportunity i have been waiting for . 	0
i wanna be drunk tonight	0
soooooo  .  .  i just got a new cat the good news is i got a cat the bad news is it hates me	0
cheap cigarettes and years of regret #badpopsicleflavors	0
- youre my bestieeeee	0
since this day he never said anything about it to nobody  ,  even when he got mad he never used it against me thats what i was scared about	0
power of your love . 	0
cant find my pin	1
thank you love you	0
that definitely makes up for it but you still need to go to a baseball game sometime	0
tonights about to be lit	0
i can only imagine	0
haaaan bih know me	0
full of vino ? 	0
i live in sheffield but have a friend in warrington .  managed to get row f .  not good but not bad	0
im a binge watcher i keep watching &amp ;  watching until i pass out	1
never lose your sense of outrage .  peace ,  friend . 	2
thats a shocker	1
when i raced there i was the second most local driver - only 220 miles!	0
i havent slept in two days ,  but yet feel like i got all the energy in the world!	0
am i tripping ?  no! cause i dont want no lien as nigga ,  you do!	0
ill probably get the flat that ive viewed today .  its only 3 minutes away from school .  perfect	0
happy to help!! #norequestistoostrange #wehaveitall #slightexageration	0
happy to help!! #norequestistoostrange #wehaveitall #slightexageration	0
im a old soul ,  i be watching unsung &amp ;  shit like im 40/50 yrs old	0
literally me today	0
its whatever you want i wanna i wanna please you most	0
i miss my best friend . 	1
fenna slide back to the crib	0
i can	0
it goes down in the dm	0
fuck the steelers	0
just looking at their facial expressions is enough	0
another attack in flordia ? 	1
lloris you beaut #fra	3
aint nothing like a strong mind and some confidence	0
the title is the least of my worries ,  i didnt like bb title at first either but sohail &amp ;  daisy jai ho part 2	0
mfs aint on shit in raleigh	1
omg i love loren	1
is at my friends apartment in sac and im not even there	1
get a pirate flag done where the skull has d coultards jawline!	0
i have a fucking gas bubble in my back and it hurt so bad	1
youre welcome! brain matters more	0
i have a problem .  i want all this shit to put on my face and look pretty ,  but i only actually use the shit 2 to 3 days out of the week	0
done !	0
up like	3
up like	5
i will	0
my working week is over .  .  .  time for sunday funday and mwi times at the tonight!	0
pretty sure is losing his mind rn	0
thats what dude said on the post i posted and this girl was like my mom was raped should i still celebrate my dad	2
thats what dude said on the post i posted and this girl was like my mom was raped should i still celebrate my dad	4
off to lock lommand tommrow ,  get away from livingston for a bit	0
happy birthday love! wish u the best life has to offer .  be yourself ,  stay wise and strong babe .  ily	0
july 23rd and july 25th  ,  littt af	0
jus watch all oranger the new black omg season 5 need hurry up they should let it end like that	1
i just want a white boyfriend	0
literally would do anything to not have to go to work today	1
so am i while watching how butt hurt yall are	0
i feel like a zombie	1
already sorted my media pass for the front bottoms and now lets hope i dont forget about it and do something that date	0
so my snapchat account been locked	4
the disrespect on alicia keys is mad real ,  its proven that some dont care about talent	1
hate when my nails break	4
but it doesnt restrict you to exort build	2
but it doesnt restrict you to exort build	5
i be caught up in the moments	1
its pay day tmr	0
i like this one cause it makes me think of that time you got drunk in castle park and i carried you to the house	0
but then again you were being a side chick to a side chick and you aint even know it	1
i live my life for you !	1
watsz wrong wit em	1
niggas weird	0
chance	0
it hurts having school and work  .  .  i just want to sleep all day	1
anna stay	0
i gave it a jumbone	0
you should be here .  wish there was a way you could be	1
just took a walk to go buy munchies &amp ;  came back in a flippin awesome mood i think its the people i came across ,  must be . 	0
ummm yall comin out w/n awful lot of slave ya’ll tryn 2 tell us niggas #betawards #betawards16	1
ummm yall comin out w/n awful lot of slave ya’ll tryn 2 tell us niggas #betawards #betawards16	3
ummm yall comin out w/n awful lot of slave ya’ll tryn 2 tell us niggas #betawards #betawards16	5
ummm yall comin out w/n awful lot of slave ya’ll tryn 2 tell us niggas #betawards #betawards16	3
i know nothing about you but i love your profile pic so here i am hello	2
i know nothing about you but i love your profile pic so here i am hello	5
hello ,  luke .  could you please take a second to follow  ?  you saved her life and she loves you so much .  x393	0
happy birthday laurel	0
i miss his annoying ass	2
i miss his annoying ass	4
in the kitchen	2
40 days till my birthday	0
gate up	0
you better	0
actually ,  its not a creek .  its more like a sewer .  talk about being shit-faced .  #panjim #goa	0
omg love this dreamy weather so i cant just read romantic novels ,  but i can plan some1s most romantic day!:woman_dancing_light_skin_tone:#lifeofaweddingphotographer	0
just check the snap if you bout it	2
how are you guys - m	0
hate doing essays	2
hate doing essays	4
constantly torn between loving the feeling of being hungry and loving food . 	0
kyrie would cross me up all day	0
but when i talk to him i be nice  .  .  .  cuz i miss my baby so much	1
haha thanks jess!	0
i need my other half	1
enter me in #jendiygiveaway hope i win this 436	1
hm ,  you are . 	0
ok wait rewind u trynna be funny but i said "got to kissing" hate u	0
bring back switzerland all is forgiven	0
hungry asf  ,  but i dont feel like getting up	1
him so cute he gotta get that from his mama no way you making kids that gorgeous lol	1
thats life by frank sinatra is	0
i love you too	0
boy last night was sooooo crazy	1
going to try really hard to move out within the next 6 months .  i need to .  even if i struggle	1
right	4
thanks ,  sweetheart me neither - i feel awful and get pimples from the heat	0
thanks ,  sweetheart me neither - i feel awful and get pimples from the heat	0
i woke up talking to my hand because i had a dream i was talking to my brother about what kind of donut i wanted	0
im so bored .  hime . sow . bordt .  am sew board . 	1
man these kids be 13 looking older than me	3
man these kids be 13 looking older than me	5
my avi cute asl	0
get yourself a girl thats only bad for you	0
damn them lightskin niggas stay taking ls darkskins just taking over	1
uber deliver food now ? 	1
just a little bit .  .  cant fault you for trying tho!! lmao are you gonna shoooosh any time soon ?  .  .  it maybe time	0
just a little bit .  .  cant fault you for trying tho!! lmao are you gonna shoooosh any time soon ?  .  .  it maybe time	0
just a little bit .  .  cant fault you for trying tho!! lmao are you gonna shoooosh any time soon ?  .  .  it maybe time	1
all that has my attention are myself ,  my family ,  friends ,  and baby	0
morning !! nice way to start the day	0
aww amiga ok just for you	0
when you love someone you just dont treat them bad	1
yall gon fuckin stop subbing me	0
ill let you know when im not busy	0
ill go with you .  . tomorrow	0
since i went watched fast and furious 7 with oomfs i wanna go watch the 8 with him	0
loves #catholics great ppl not a big fan of #catholicism .  .  .  cant find pope in any #bible w/ grep or w/o any version .  .  . 	0
someone asked me to choose between my guy bestfriend and my girl bestfriend .  .  .  hardest question of my life	1
fabulous ,  and very very very loud mazda	0
#oeahp friday 8:30:double_exclamation_mark:️ 272 franklin blvd ,  ft valley ,  ga  .  .  its going down in a major way! #byob #zarshitonly entry	2
#oeahp friday 8:30:double_exclamation_mark:️ 272 franklin blvd ,  ft valley ,  ga  .  .  its going down in a major way! #byob #zarshitonly entry	0
excellent! keep it up mrs!	0
idk how my phone is still working bc i drop it in the bath tub like everyday and i dont have a case	0
up already	1
sad af i cant smoke anymore	1
greys never fails to put me in my feels	1
2:30 we riding out	2
is probably my favorite person from the mikey is such a cutie pie i hope we get to see updates soon #singledadseeking	0
gonna be such a poor turnout for my bd night out	1
no disappointments by this theory	0
neva shleep	1
tomorrow #oitnb	0
but who doe i let people pick they own shit sometimes	0
yes .  all of them . 	2
the video tho	3
the video tho	5
dont really know you ,  but you cute and you seem chill asf	0
thanks	0
i think youre so cool and fun tbh ,  youre a good vibe and i like being around you	0
warriors in game 6 just watch	0
unless they do it in the over which i highly doubt also ,  "grilled cheese" ?  where the bread bit .  .  .  ? 	0
we gotta take tiny out to eat lol thats all she can do rn	0
better move to cali	0
this is definitely pool weather	1
my dog decided to bite me so i bit her back	0
bro real talk he remind me of myself but im 6 inches shorter	0
i like england ,  but i really want iceland to win	1
miss my nose ring	1
cause i heard you saying this for some reason foo	0
yep and no news of renewal(looking at you	1
anyone else ? 	0
good inning for the tigers	0
big homie better grow up	0
i really cant believe im about to be a junior like these 4 years are going by super quick	3
i really cant believe im about to be a junior like these 4 years are going by super quick	5
g , morning dad plz bless me to do more sewa &amp ;  simran	0
thats what best friends are for though right	0
idk how i want my hair done	1
fr .  bruh trippin	0
free cocker daniel bitch !!!!!!	4
they dont even have my size even if i could afford them	0
ok i will	0
i love you ,  direk!! trailer palang legit na u da best!!! #aldubksreunion	0
i love you ,  direk!! trailer palang legit na u da best!!! #aldubksreunion	0
i love you ,  direk!! trailer palang legit na u da best!!! #aldubksreunion	0
theres actually a funny little story why &amp ;  how that chain ended up around my ankle but no one on twirra will get it	1
ive never been so sleepy	1
i believe too that you are	0
why is everyone in greys anatomy dying	1
when clothes go missing .  ?  like how does that even happen	1
when clothes go missing .  ?  like how does that even happen	4
omg i know!! i saw earlier ,  so nice some of the stuff is expensive tho! i want a lip glaze	0
there are always two or more sides to everything	0
fn the jazzz	0
thanks to hahaha	0
irish green takde	1
tagging #tangleteezer	0
my girlfriend is the best for bringing food to my work	0
man i wish i could get to the mac dre art show tonight to support my bff	1
construction like ?  keep the faith ,  you’ll get something	0
the nurse is singing like a bird:thinking_face::grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes::face_with_tears_of_joy:bring me this medication so i can keep it in my tantrums tantrums tantrums from #oscarpistorius	0
the nurse is singing like a bird:thinking_face::grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes::face_with_tears_of_joy:bring me this medication so i can keep it in my tantrums tantrums tantrums from #oscarpistorius	0
the nurse is singing like a bird:thinking_face::grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes::face_with_tears_of_joy:bring me this medication so i can keep it in my tantrums tantrums tantrums from #oscarpistorius	0
the nurse is singing like a bird:thinking_face::grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes::face_with_tears_of_joy:bring me this medication so i can keep it in my tantrums tantrums tantrums from #oscarpistorius	3
the nurse is singing like a bird:thinking_face::grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes::face_with_tears_of_joy:bring me this medication so i can keep it in my tantrums tantrums tantrums from #oscarpistorius	5
whiteflower commercial just saw it todaaaay so gorg	0
whiteflower commercial just saw it todaaaay so gorg	0
then u will be married to 3 people and im fine wit that because i aint signing them boo boo	0
then u will be married to 3 people and im fine wit that because i aint signing them boo boo	0
cleveland turned on their play tight and deny ball scheme	0
when youve hurt someone you love and your conscience just eats away at you	1
literally  .  .  laugh it off .  well be straight regardless	0
long story its not really broke it just hurts lol	0
i miss them " zaddyyyy when you coming home" phone calls	1
r . i . p so sad ,  such a young talented girl	1
left for 10 minutes and got put out da hotel	1
love ya libby! im going to miss your butt when you leave!	1
sounds bomb but im already having tacos	0
sounds bomb but im already having tacos	0
this is my second year missing the debutant ball	1
wow ants 2 interesting going use that for them scavengers 2	0
hoping you keep your lovely ways . 	0
i do the most dumbest shit yo i swear	0
red lips daw	0
happy birthday hope you had a great day	0
why is the world so violent	1
seriously	0
im so mad basically all of my friends are out of school except for me	1
idk  ,  i hope	1
i need moves for tonight	1
2 weeks ?  fr ?  how yall gonna do this to me ?  #thefosters	1
hes a keeper	0
i went to bed really early last night	1
we finna run us a land	2
sleepless nights	4
this might be it for me	1
im so late 2 greet them .  its quite disappointing . 	1
2 of them would be self employment of course	0
when i got into #fallinginreverse it was #gameover	0
is this one for you	0
only thing that is getting my through working everyday this week is the pay check	0
gonna miss you too baby . 	0
to sleep or to go out	4
happy fathers day to my dad so glad my mom met you and decided to have me cant wait for the wedding in 2018	0
happy fathers day to my dad so glad my mom met you and decided to have me cant wait for the wedding in 2018	1
which ones	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x60 , 338	0
stg i love dogs man ill take a pit pull too a puppy cause i liked to raise my	0
stg i love dogs man ill take a pit pull too a puppy cause i liked to raise my	0
k nna serious ?  ke rutile ke wena goba serious mos ❞" ❞	1
cant wait for this week long tournament in jacksonville and i just want to feel the clay under my cleats again	1
first ,  this white kid gets his ass dragged around the zoo now this other white kid gets eaten by a fucking alligator	3
first ,  this white kid gets his ass dragged around the zoo now this other white kid gets eaten by a fucking alligator	5
swoop me up on your way	0
amys solution to any and every problem is spitting on someones face	1
follow me on snapchat everyone i swear its so entertaining !	0
so bad at negotiating i might as well have a sign on my forehead saying "here take all my money" .  i need my sister	0
so bad at negotiating i might as well have a sign on my forehead saying "here take all my money" .  i need my sister	1
trying to learn to hardest 3 chapters of anatomy for my test tomorrow morning #pleasepray	0
i love the way my head is beginning to clear	0
i hate working ,  but at the same time i hate having to miss a few days because im miserably sick .  this stomach virus is no joke . 	1
same same same	0
my bio just means fire its from the jungle book	2
my bio just means fire its from the jungle book	4
my phone is bms	4
- approachable but we never talk - drunk buddies - lexie grey - no u a smol - you stan kpop (ive no idea who anybody…	1
- approachable but we never talk - drunk buddies - lexie grey - no u a smol - you stan kpop (ive no idea who anybody…	4
coming soon	0
are you ever gonna notice !me	1
i wouldnt wish this pain on nobody . 	1
omg!! congrats , im so happy for you	0
thank you	0
omggggg you gone look like a golden ticket bwoi .  highlight gone change niggas lives	1
cause you miss your dad that much . 	0
no humour in a bad aroma . 	0
hart is not even the best goal keeper in manchester  ,  no . wonder he couldnt stop it ! #eng #engwal #euro2016	0
when u dont have enough money to buy tix bc ur a broke college chic gotta get that education tho #digigirlproblems	1
im not getting involved in this 1	1
thats fucked up man	3
thats fucked up man	5
standing out in that heat made my head huuuuurt	1
standing out in that heat made my head huuuuurt	4
it was soo unexpected	1
love adele she swears like a trooper#like me#potty mouth#apologises#out it down to stress or kids	0
not a big footie fan .  .  . but plans have altered so i may be available to watch . 	3
hi beauty ,  if you ever come to perth it would be lovely to catch up	0
feeling pretty great	2
90 degrees i wanna be at the beach or in somebody pool right now !	1
today with the class i made sure i heard laughter .  hearing a child laugh is just so special and heart warming	0
tabuse  ,  cest a cause de nitt comme yow que paus bi dou evoluer	1
today is ruined ,  the warriors lost - only reconciliation if high sparrow gets killed or pied piper raises $100mm #dubnation #g…	1
finally got around to trying some #animalflow .  great #primal class today	0
goodnight	0
had a great weekend thanks .  everything was perfect	0
you woke up at 930 last night ? ! ? !	3
you woke up at 930 last night ? ! ? !	5
july need come on	0
i mean ?  he has sorted out supper ,  drinks ,  condoms ,  dstv premium le explora ,  the works .  wena you dont even wana sort out your taxi fare ? 	0
oops well hopefully thats not how it really ends i guess i didnt delete that tweet quick enough . 	1
as best as can be aspected	1
just a little	0
just a little	0
actually watched some of the game	1
keyword ,  husband .  .  . if youre a boyfriend ,  i cant promise that ill be cooking for u all the time sorry ,  not sorry	0
cant wait thank you so much	0
very impressed with home start recovery today  .  there in 20 mins  ,  new battery supplied and a happy aa man  . 	0
thank youuu	0
wheres he	1
i like my major tho .  perfect balance of the opportunity to be social &amp ;  the ability to help people at the same time	2
i like my major tho .  perfect balance of the opportunity to be social &amp ;  the ability to help people at the same time	5
me too	1
love me some maple syrup haha .  gotta be from canada tho or its bootleg syrup	0
basketball grinds my gears but wow ,  memes of lebron taking stephs place in the curry family are savage	0
itchy nose	4
you know you like slow boys jamison	0
my goal is to get all of them	1
please do!!!!	0
omg the real amityville house is for sale!! and its only $850 , 000 .  .  . haha maybe my bf will buy it lol! #amityvillehorror #greatdeal	0
omg the real amityville house is for sale!! and its only $850 , 000 .  .  . haha maybe my bf will buy it lol! #amityvillehorror #greatdeal	3
omg the real amityville house is for sale!! and its only $850 , 000 .  .  . haha maybe my bf will buy it lol! #amityvillehorror #greatdeal	5
omg the real amityville house is for sale!! and its only $850 , 000 .  .  . haha maybe my bf will buy it lol! #amityvillehorror #greatdeal	1
omg the real amityville house is for sale!! and its only $850 , 000 .  .  . haha maybe my bf will buy it lol! #amityvillehorror #greatdeal	5
omg the real amityville house is for sale!! and its only $850 , 000 .  .  . haha maybe my bf will buy it lol! #amityvillehorror #greatdeal	5
omg the real amityville house is for sale!! and its only $850 , 000 .  .  . haha maybe my bf will buy it lol! #amityvillehorror #greatdeal	3
people are calling me casper the friendly ghost at work because im hardly in the office . 	1
dimes gon make me have to whoop her if she keep tryn play wit me	2
dimes gon make me have to whoop her if she keep tryn play wit me	4
it just sucks when you think you getting somewhere with someone and your actually just wasting your time	1
im hungry	1
lucky	1
i wanna be cuddled up with fripp all day every day	1
i will high jack ya nigga and send him home broke af	0
its all because of you coach! you the real mvp  ,  dumping gatorade coolers on you this weekend once we win  . 	0
i find ochoa so cute	0
im getting bored of it so	0
get your caffeine intake this morning youll need it i swear	0
&lt ; 3 i cant wait for the scene that get released if you shot any for the summer	0
decoded	1
its really graduation day	1
more $waves in my pockets now if the price is going lower .  .  .  .  my buy orders are set	0
more $waves in my pockets now if the price is going lower .  .  .  .  my buy orders are set	0
onto bigger and better things im happyyyyyyy	0
wearing a bra is the most uncomfortable ,  irritating thing ever . 	0
lol i dont understand some of yall females .  i really dont	0
work in the am	2
work in the am	4
i dont want to move every single thing in my apartment	1
hes doin his frankie howard	0
bestfriend birthday tomar nasty19	0
bestfriend birthday tomar nasty19	0
lol come on over to san jose and well make that a regular thing	0
docs are afraid the twins might have a knot in their cords	1
i just saw eazys song selection for the concert and im very excited for the songs he chose	0
oh well	0
murder on the dance floor .  .  .  no .  .  .  still #toosoon #songsininappropriateplaces	1
murder on the dance floor .  .  .  no .  .  .  still #toosoon #songsininappropriateplaces	1
chyyyy idk who she think she is but thanks	0
chyyyy idk who she think she is but thanks	0
i just remembered i work tomorrow for the first time in a month and aghhhhhhhhh im gonna cry	1
im such a weenie when it comes to dating lol	0
why jay always telling me to eat her ass	0
just left sonic	0
finna get back in shape	0
when my sisters is hours away from getting here	1
fuck around &amp ;  turn blue waiting on a mf to do right	2
fuck around &amp ;  turn blue waiting on a mf to do right	4
thank you	0
#summerwithdosanjh #udtapunjab - 3days to go cant wait to see #sardaarji2 - 10days to go superb duper much	0
you know i cant be assed to do my makeup when i go into a shop with my sunglasses on	0
anything thats not tooooo dark	0
im trying to figure out when the hell paris learned how to bark to wake me up . 	1
my friends are going to orlando and i have nothing to do tonight	1
yall some punks  .  .  conjuring 2 is not scary	0
im still in bed	0
do or die and the sharks only take 1 shot on net in the 3rd ? 	1
we had that once .  we put a scary doll in the window and that didnt work either .  #aviaryannoyances	0
thats not funny	0
bye sizzyyyy im gonna miss your khaleesiness haha	1
when you try to sleep drunk but your heads spinning	0
next week	1
day with my brother on friday ,  cookout saturday &amp ;  monday then busch ,  poc ,  &amp ;  mani pedis with the girls next i need this . 	1
thank you telle! see you toms	0
ok dvr will be full by the end of the week bloody ruining all my good intentions for the week #passthechips #sharkweek	0
i cant believe this girl put me on snapchat because my leave out im	0
yall ever felt single in a relationship	2
yall ever felt single in a relationship	5
true .  +3 yesterday .  sorry again	0
miss the day madison got shell	1
no it wasnt my first concert .  the big flag was made from my friend .  so happy she took it on stage . 	0
next week is july and that makes me so happy!!!!!!	0
patty melt sounds amazing rn	0
im glad you had a good day .  you deserved it! love you ivy beth	0
when you drink you coffee black ,  and whiskey strong thats when you know youre a man . 	0
wicked stuff as always this morning bro #fullsausagebreakfastshow	0
as if i just learnt one dance on the piano	0
right ? ! idk what to do man	1
#thebestof5sos when they werent as big as they are now and were happy and bubbly all the time	0
so .  .  . do i taste like chicken ?  ? 	0
me &amp ;  ash put the kuddy jaiquan on	0
yall i witnessed a dog get attacked by 2 other dogs yesterday and it was soo traumatizing	1
i be texting nobody  .  fr	1
they tryna play u bro	0
its just that mayu is the center and i can see her anytime i want ,  but milky is under and on back row so .  .  .  . 	0
yep! throw away your vote and give us another 3 lieberal years!	1
nik &amp ;  devane had the exact same design dress just different colors / patterns they both snapped	0
you playing	0
eczema &lt ; &lt ;  my skin is tore up rn	1
i eat ass there i said it	0
make up is a fun hobby gotta stay slayin	0
orange is the new black almost made me cry rn	0
must be some place that breeds these scumbags ? they all need immediate painful termination &amp ;  then forgotten	2
seen the most weirdest shit ever	3
seen the most weirdest shit ever	5
happy happy happy	0
big cuddles my handsome nyatsby and buns xxx	0
rip to my cherry 11s again	1
- your super pretty but we dont really talk hmu sometime gorgeous	0
- your super pretty but we dont really talk hmu sometime gorgeous	0
everything falling in to place	0
everything falling in to place	0
man i will see banda ms en concierto soon when they go back to dallas	1
2 x stone roses tickets here for sale .  sunday 19th june manchester .  please retweet #stoneroses #etihadstadium	0
thankyou	0
not the best open day today ,  dont get what the hype is about york tbh	1
its booked eeeekkkk	2
its booked eeeekkkk	5
people can be so cruel sometimes	1
i like to told you something ! but ill send it via txt !	0
i like to told you something ! but ill send it via txt !	4
i like to told you something ! but ill send it via txt !	1
that dress samantha is wearing would look so nice on me	0
mommy is back i miss herr gonna eat iftar there	1
arent we suicidal tonight	1
the variety show is killing me .  #ulmprep	0
24th june	0
i am so excited for orientation june 24	0
stressed early this morning	2
stressed early this morning	4
ooop wrong twitter	1
gorgeous	0
idek what to do for my birthday anymore	1
i hate feeling like this	1
always tell someone you love them because tomorrow will never be promised	1
cant wait to get into trouble with you	2
i deleted my tweet	1
yeeaaahhhh	0
so exciting! great pic too! thank you for sharing!	0
i loved the bit where england kicked 2 of the balls into the net 2-1 is magic unlucky whales - rye	0
i feel you	3
i feel you	5
man she got my stomach hurting im finna hang up on her	0
happy birthday! love you bestfriend and sister! so happy to see you another year older!	0
u shuf be herrrre	0
thats okay bethany thank you	0
you last described the vibe of the new album to me as black metal , jazz , fusion .  does this still stand mate ?  #yg4	0
i dream of a nigeria where ministers are professionals in ministries theyre handling .  not politicians appointed to satisfy some quota bs	3
i dream of a nigeria where ministers are professionals in ministries theyre handling .  not politicians appointed to satisfy some quota bs	5
trying to act girly and natural ,  but fail miserably	1
you look adorable	0
dont get me started though .  cause imma shut some shit down	2
shout out to my big hear love for helping me today	0
come to london please .  ritikka ,  lets campaign . 	1
no images .  no posts .  no info .  no nothing	3
no images .  no posts .  no info .  no nothing	5
i took my break and now i dont wanna go back to work!	2
come back	0
up all night with the baes sounds like a good time . 	0
im fuckin mad!!!	1
im underage	2
im underage	4
lets go lebron	2
later today (philippine time) is the start of a new beginning for all filipinos .  #presidentialinauguration	0
thats a personal issue	2
thats a personal issue	4
hand out holy water to the stupid kids you make cringey ass music . lys	0
im asking that you guys please keep my neos in your prayers .  rest well colbie	1
i like you	0
and its killing me	1
im opening my dms for like 2 minutes! anyone can now dm me .  .  .  talk to me ,  send me questions i mean .  .  .  if you want	0
 . * these niggas be so messy	1
i dont think im the type to lie about this stuff	0
everything 1k	0
aww thanks lmao i love you so much	0
your level of anger pleases me . 	2
high school graduate im lit	0
high school graduate im lit	0
fuck it ,  white boyfriend it is . 	1
very good new cosplay of blake just perfect	0
im single so dont ask me for advice i promote breakups . 	0
feeding my empty soul with old greys reruns .  lexie and mark live on forever on lifetime . 	1
havent receive my phone call	3
havent receive my phone call	5
i enjoy looking at classic cars a little too much	0
i shouldnt asked that question lol	0
im awake  ,  my body is fully functioning  ,  im warm  ,  im about to see another beautiful day  ,  im blessed	0
i could only wish i could be that small again but its not in my genes lmao .  yall should see my mom .  .  .  talk about thiiiiick with no waist	1
16 an i stay runnin shit never wanna grow a day older	2
gotta plan another trip to carowinds  ,  busch gardens &amp ;  kings dominion  .  .  who down ?  hmp if you serious  ,  sh*t was to fun	0
gotta plan another trip to carowinds  ,  busch gardens &amp ;  kings dominion  .  .  who down ?  hmp if you serious  ,  sh*t was to fun	1
wish they were the mid	1
awk i love it ,  it does get better honestly x	0
not enough yum yum sauce in the world . 	0
din me spne	0
would they not pick themselves ? 	0
gotta feeling ima be off today fck it	0
exams monday tuesday thursday and friday is gonna kill me	1
ios 10 drawn keep closing out my apps and moving my folders	2
ios 10 drawn keep closing out my apps and moving my folders	4
lel that honesty	0
nap time . 	0
hahaha i know just kidding	0
we miss you	1
i forgot i aint got no dvd player .  what im supposed to watch this weekend	1
i like nathan .  hes hilarious .  im so glad youre watching too ,  not the only weirdo	0
sleep on me now .  like me later	0
yall not that sad about uzi n britt	1
whats up with at&amp ; t my msgs are being sent to everyone inbox/outbox	5
orientation tomorrow for cal state la i really dont want to go	2
orientation tomorrow for cal state la i really dont want to go	4
if i tell you then you just gonna make it a big deal no snitch here	2
if i tell you then you just gonna make it a big deal no snitch here	4
lets trend it again #happybirthdaypontusrasmusson	0
really missing my brother	1
suck ma dick lil bitch	0
i have thee biggest attitude right now .  im burning up	1
i need to go buy a new set of earings cos i lost my left one	1
i will never take a picture in my work clothes	4
not being able to go back to sleep is so annoying! especially when you have to wake up early in the morning	1
haha i did! it wasnt supposed to be that short but it happened thanks love!! k but when im done these courses we gotta hang	0
let my nigga live first	2
let my nigga live first	4
happy birthday	0
what is this world coming to man	1
i just made some bomb ass breakfast and then when i told everyone its done ,  they were asleep	1
i miss my gf	1
last paper tmr	0
 ,  u rock wit da opps den u gonna die wit em	4
"why am i not at glastonbury" says the person whos never been people act like they go religiously every year	0
yas we missed you and this account too	0
but ,  typically ,  you sneak healthy things onto it! we put more sugar on the sugar!	0
we can cry together	1
she do anything necessary for him he do anything necessary for her so dont let the necessary occur	0
hey boo	0
im so sleepy but have so much to get done for this weekend	1
even tho i rant and rant about how shit i am about savings i ordered creps from asos	1
me too and in 3 hours start fasting	1
me too and in 3 hours start fasting	4
youre such a baddie i swear	0
i just want a true girl bestfriend	1
its so irritating like find your own individuality	0
i have like 40 drinking glasses and just 1 plastic cup in my apartment	1
yes our favorite race thank you chloe	0
my skin is clearing up	0
miss my cousin	1
to entertain me	0
trying to get up and down a spiral staircase when youve had a few drinks and are left handed takes so much concentration	1
excuse me darling im a massive fan are you babes well fuck off	0
when will we know the results ? 	0
yay i get a shiney new computer at work today	0
crashing out of europe twice in a week	1
i hear ya	2
i shared it on fb	0
yoo dude its s birthday today &amp ;  shes a big fan of yours .  give her a lil love	0
ive gotta wake up by 10	5
thank you ,  helen	0
watching the game	0
3 more hours	1
curry got 32	0
me canse	2
me canse	4
dont worry ,  the french will start up a petition calling for a rematch because they lost	0
the absolute horror	1
the absolute horror	5
happy late birthday alexis i hope you had fantastic day sorry	0
my boyfriend is my:red_heart:️ ,  my:globe_showing_americas: ,  prince charming ,  king ,  pride&amp ; joy:smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: , i mean i love the kid &amp ;  thatll never change he bring out an…	0
saw that at a flea market a couple months ago .  was asking $100 ,  not sure if it was complete .  i grabbed the batmobile instead	0
oh lord	0
thats what i was thinking hahahahaha	0
crawling right back to me ?  not surprised	0
me and my bby dont get tired . 	0
wont be me  .  .  trust me	0
im about to get a goodnight sleep	0
of course we will be in uk very soon .  #patience	2
alarm set for 7:30 lol yooo why am i awake	0
somebody make me feel alive and shatter me	1
people can you now  ? 	5
at least we made it to the next round this time i suppose #eng #engslo #euro2016	0
just saying .  unless you wanna be cool and come swim in our new 3ft pool	0
last time im trying that much	0
it goes juicy to emo sh real quick	1
i miss you	1
ugh 5:45 am shift on monday	1
this is adorable	0
dia takde aircond .  dia ade fresh air	0
ugh i want to go the misadventures tour in san diego	1
annyeong~ followback ? 	0
saw parched by last night and am truly inspired .  a case of beautiful ,  raw ,  and unapologetic filmmaking	0
i need friends who are down to go out on random adventures &amp ;  try new things lol	0
mann .  .  .  after my lunch break i dont be wanting to go back to work	1
alssooooo .  .  .  i better not be coughing tomorrow .  i need to be well	2
theres no need for the fucking attitude	2
theres no need for the fucking attitude	4
voting for kpop and demi #fanarmyfaceoff	0
summer 16 about to be lit in denver	0
all i will say is it really hard to respond with just one hand right now	0
and on that note .  . im $100 richer	0
pitter patter	0
i was bouta eat dat pussy but dat shit stank ,  girl i wanna eat yo pussy but i just cant	4
when i thru my pool party everybody was in the pool they had no choice .  .  it was either get in or get thrown in	0
omg thanks you da best	0
good terms or bad terms  .  .  that nigga is still mine remember that	0
you believe it ,  if thats what makes you happy	0
lol on tuesday	0
i hate that i finished watching oitnb ,  i aint got nun to do now	0
itll .  .  .  uh .  .  .  break your heart ?  and then slowly reassemble it ,  maybe ? 	0
edi meow	2
edi meow	5
"when the right woman comes into a mans life ,  thats when his life is complete" .  hollywood could never write poetry like this #veerzaara	0
only the good die young why i aint die yet ?  oh the devil tatted on me	0
might be 18 and graduated but still dont get to make my own decisions	2
might be 18 and graduated but still dont get to make my own decisions	4
started singing at the top of my lungs and i started to cry	1
apparently im annoying because i write in caps .   .  .  .  bitches	0
apparently im annoying because i write in caps .   .  .  .  bitches	0
a league comprised of iraq oman + tunisia with a signed resolution of regional neutrality	0
i was in a rush leave me alone	1
ion even know my snap chat password bf badazz pickle headed ass logged me out	1
how are you ? 	0
i think we all needed that drew .  .  .  #nightshift thanks for watching east coast!!!	1
call &amp ;  check up on kisha tomorrow	0
no likes lol	1
you did but ill take the blame	0
and i bet you fall in love w/ it	2
and i bet you fall in love w/ it	4
i might miss the whole game	1
when you accidentally catch feelings . 	2
when you accidentally catch feelings . 	4
miracles still happen	0
haffunwhilstchasinbutterfliezotrb ,  sweet lotz of healin purrz 2 yooz luvd onez .  .  .  so sorry!! #healingpurrspawty	1
my feet are so ugly	1
thanks	0
sorry ,  tim .  #saintsfc fans can empathise with you .  hope #ncfc bounce back soon . 	1
twitter #trancefamily is much more awesome than facebook one both r luv tho #trance	0
this weather is a joke isnt this spose to be summer	1
just like louisa on me before you .  di nya gusto movies with subtitles ,  pero nung na-try nya with will ,  she loved it . 	0
a good assumption not to go to terawih	3
a good assumption not to go to terawih	5
you will be	1
how would an effing tilapia fit in an fish bowl ?  ?  dayuuum	0
and me	1
hahaha just kidding	0
sinead is very drunk .  .  . on a wednesday	0
time for oitnb literally cannot contain my excitement	0
everyone wants their baby dad dead but be mad when their babydad dont spend time with their how tf he going do that from the grave	2
everyone wants their baby dad dead but be mad when their babydad dont spend time with their how tf he going do that from the grave	4
yeah i was a little afraid itd be too "gorey" but i gave it a shot anyway . 	0
i really dont know why is my auntie in vegas keeps on sending me articles about the marcoses .  like wtf ?  stop okay ?  annoying	2
i really dont know why is my auntie in vegas keeps on sending me articles about the marcoses .  like wtf ?  stop okay ?  annoying	4
lebron has more turnovers than points #clutch	0
going through a roadblock and the cops say "yall got any cocaine  ,  heroin any of that good stuff"	0
hi bessy i miss you!! bond soon mga bhe ,  see u soon! good luck sa gr 9	0
im talking to my dad on the phone and he is telling me he gained weight on his holiday in vegas because buffets	0
i hate you	1
thanks money messyy	0
i figured that out 7 hours ago thanks tho	0
hahahaha ill take care of you! ridge is a child enough himself hes a lot of work	0
im as dumb as a box of nails	1
ppl be making me hate them	2
why are takis so fucking delicious	1
keep "should-ing" oh .  until i turn 70 thats when youll know	1
ready to go home and finish these shoes	1
okay wicked i was good then	0
hate it when people dont reply and i know theyve been online	2
about to eat these tacos then be outttt	0
two steps forward .  .  .  one step back! always the fu**ing way	4
ohh wow! how you and gray are 16 years old!! ? 	0
cant wait to visit the land on wednesday	0
l , m so sorry oh when the saints go marching out !!#avfc	1
is it bad that i know the lyrics to designers freestyle ?  been stuck in my head allll day	1
but tonight  ,  should be fun	0
but tonight  ,  should be fun	0
but tonight  ,  should be fun	0
not officially!	0
thanks syd !	0
when you went to sleep about 5 yesterday and jus awaking	0
made the biggest sale of my life at work today	0
hoi!! that may well be true but come on dude!	0
when every single picture on my instagram feed is either about fathers day or buckeye country superfest	0
so freaking tired this morning	3
we just pulled a hoang family .  .  my parents joined me in singing end the of the road lol #freshofftheboat	0
in love with the brow definer .  .  did my brows in under 30 sec	0
the semester is about to end so i have like 8 weeks to lose weight and tone up b4 the new semester begins	0
another dry night in the books	1
okay okay you got it	0
one more day and my baby comes back	0
what have i done	1
picking molly in the middle up driving conditions are horrendous though	1
year one are on their way back from a lovely trip to hatton farm .  see you soon	0
in 24 days!!!!!!!! ahhhh sanantonio! i couldnt make vegas or ny .  my husband tried to get me there but he got me to sanantonio . 	0
"give skylar the aux ,  shes the only girl i trust with the it"	0
im legit hungry as shit	1
i have the coolest uncle	0
a55 glbee why are u doing	1
looking forward to connecting with our dr roberta bondar school families tomorrow night! 6:30 pm ohs	0
we got pizza .  thats ok .  unfortunately we also got fiat!	0
wooow you are really rich! hope she will .  praying for that	0
wooow you are really rich! hope she will .  praying for that	0
locked out of my apartment and i work at 8am this is bad .  .  . 	0
mama tinas birthday is tuesday and i just remembered . 	2
mama tinas birthday is tuesday and i just remembered . 	5
i realized that you gotta wake up to love this -im loving every bit of it	2
i dont get why people like pictures on ig then unlike them .  . just unfollow my ass . 	0
only because i can	0
lol maria im not even funny	0
you always disappointed me	1
i got hella burnt today	1
hey im a canucks fan and i am well aware of how shitty we all are	0
who pic	3
who pic	5
my phone can never stay charged	1
spy cam galore!	0
my daddy made me some chilli cheese fries	0
meeez ! ily so so much and i miss you a lot i still have your case .  but youre a great setter tbh and i hope you playing…	0
meeez ! ily so so much and i miss you a lot i still have your case .  but youre a great setter tbh and i hope you playing…	0
meeez ! ily so so much and i miss you a lot i still have your case .  but youre a great setter tbh and i hope you playing…	1
-bitch be better  ,  dont be bitter	0
aw really  ,  i hope it does	1
led light balloons for my room surprise please . 	0
hi sweetie	0
when someone who doesnt like you keeps liking negative tweets about you what a fan	1
i really had a great ass night last night	2
fuckin stinks on the tube right now but im a delightfully overpowering little cloud of le labo	0
fuckin stinks on the tube right now but im a delightfully overpowering little cloud of le labo	4
*nina ( bloody spell check)	0
yeah yeah iknow the game	0
yeah yeah iknow the game	0
problem with ferraris is that they dont support your backseat trick!	0
ive been here alone since ten and i dont know anyone here in juarez	1
its passed your bed time go to sleep	0
that outfit	0
so happy i dont have exams today	0
even though didnt play my two fav songs .  .  .  "enemies" and "baby are you home"	1
im always on my ass at work	0
done	0
kissing on my tattoos	0
haha .  i knoe lah  ,  nehmind you wait my first com hit target i treat you all makan . 	0
cmon no one "just says" something #linkedinchat	0
honestly ,  as long as its hot and sunny and no1 knows im there .  .  anywhere!	0
i will miss you christina!! ive been a fan since your first few months in youtube .  this is so sudden	1
i will miss you christina!! ive been a fan since your first few months in youtube .  this is so sudden	1
so sad	1
except i still eat it	0
i agree she real af	0
keep it so real with a nigga he going always come back and fwm	0
cute	0
love buying new makeup	0
*searches vigilantly* damn .  .  . not getting blown by cheadle today .  .  . 	0
poor poor management	4
my long lost second fam is talking ab vaca &amp ;  i seriously cant wait  . 	0
she does have it down pat .  .  .  . 	0
dude	1
well ,  congrats	0
i dunno how me and do our 8/9 hour shifts 4 days a week	1
fuck everything	1
ill have my bags packed	0
he wont come w me to get food	2
he wont come w me to get food	4
yeah officially jealous af	1
awe howd you know	0
sorry for almost killing u during ur vault run up	0
i have the worst case of munchies right now . 	1
when you bitches looking on my page yes im doing  , &amp ;  yes im still making money	0
when you bitches looking on my page yes im doing  , &amp ;  yes im still making money	0
i miss him already	1
ill smacc a bitch try me	0
ill smacc a bitch try me	2
crazy	1
lmao research ?  ?  bro the woman be superstar give you or what ? 	0
aftker gdn!	0
watching pretty little liars and i thought of	0
well gone &amp ;  get em hell reimburse	1
when my dad tries to look different than a cholo and dresses white so he looks like a white cholo	0
world a mess everything falling apart why cant we just get along bring peace not war	1
world a mess everything falling apart why cant we just get along bring peace not war	1
i need naz to come to chicago	1
north carolina is so pretty	1
im rollin wit my niggas i cant fuck wit the opposite	0
i was bummed when i "auditioned" .  .  .  im an inch too short	1
just followed hope you hit it by the end of the day	0
im gone say what i want to say anybody got a problem can unfollow my ass ,  or hit my dm and address me	0
lol im a the previous owner of l7 im in two of the old rosters but yeah i guess im still lucky 7 affiliated tho	0
plus we beat them so	0
plus we beat them so	0
you should have blurred out your face instead of your tits you rank cunt	0
im cracking up! when i seen this i instan…	0
i just got him for this fixture no more players today though	0
im trying to recreate it but everyone looks at me funny when i sing the music in my ear buds . 	0
got me contemplating on moving back	1
i hope and pray i never have a mothernlaw like momma dee cause she just do the most	2
i hope and pray i never have a mothernlaw like momma dee cause she just do the most	4
you so easily can make me cry  ,  when ever you get in a mood	1
so naeem decided he didnt want his d*** ,  huh ?  #blackinkcrew	2
so naeem decided he didnt want his d*** ,  huh ?  #blackinkcrew	4
aye dasha dont start	1
the #warcraft movie is approaching usd 300m worldwide .  china alone covered the movie cost contributing usd 156m . 	0
raindrops pouring in my head . 	2
raindrops pouring in my head . 	4
why would the cemetery be closed today	1
why is this not a ps4 game	1
pist off at my dad for not wanting to go camping this weekend	2
im so loving and caring omg	1
we r def going so if you can come too that would be dope	0
that is awesome! i tried buying another tek taylor on ebay last week but was outbid by a lot . 	2
these brats making fun of seokjin i cant even its so funny	0
almost got caught	1
happy birthday ,  i love &amp ;  miss you! catch up soon	0
im watching free eternal summer bunkasai	0
i den 90:e min 3-3	0
she stay rappin	2
she stay rappin	4
i need croutons	1
no popeyes coupons	1
song-song couple	0
congratulations to the most loving and versatile actor in the bollywood for 500 movies . 	0
arre .  .  . dont too much thinking about me di , im ok here though feeling wanna meet u so badly be careful more…	0
fuck my father	0
just exactly how i feel for you	0
well done tepin &amp ;  jockey even though you beat mine	2
well done tepin &amp ;  jockey even though you beat mine	5
i miss my baby	1
so donald trump is next to die  ? 	3
bitch when did you save these pics	0
alright	1
dead ass tho you make my tl lit	1
every time i get on fb somebody is pregnant .  2016 aint playing	0
you have a problem bro #interventionforgustavo2k16	0
my confidence is extremely high idk why thats just me i love myself	0
i swear it seem like most of these females wanna work a part time job and move to la to do god knows what like its an accomplishment	0
now i get this falz song !	0
ukg are mocking it	0
 my boyfriend is better than yours  haha i still remember this funniest dialogue	0
my man is hot and rich and multitalented by the way	0
that was exactly what i thought when i saw the headline	0
yaaaaaasss momma dee album	0
havent been shopping in months now its killing me	1
oh he chapstick challenge would be so cute	0
you love me	0
she can have my social too	0
i can get that any time i want that pleaseeeeee dbs	0
nah ,  thered be beer and the rum would be "aristocrat" not kraken but willing to pretend	0
nah ,  thered be beer and the rum would be "aristocrat" not kraken but willing to pretend	5
lmfaoooooo ,  i love you too	0
pound down to 1 . 30 = $1 us ,  was literally 1 . 60 when i was there .  were coming to snatch at g a y	0
true love story lol	0
current mood	0
ohhh love .  i wish i could go on a killing spree for you .  i am still crossing my fingers for everything to be b…	1
follow  .  .  .  funny account	0
teach me	1
doing a run-off with is like trying to play 1 on 1 with lebron james #notachance #cantkeeup #lordreceivemymeageroffering	0
can people stop focusing on "the end of times" and just start focusing on what god is doing now ?  #staypresent	0
im really goofy	0
that’s great to hear man! the beta items are awesome aren’t they ?  red and blue all day every day! ^d	0
its	0
enjoy!	0
good morning to babeeee	0
tomorrows the day	0
be knowing i be hungry just lazy	0
hey youre cute	0
vacation time in the uk	0
wine straight than  ?  occasionally lol nigga hoes like to have fun you know you cant be they daddy (always)	0
crazy ,  after 20+ years my parents sold their doughnut shop . 	1
the way hero acted and got hurt sachi mein bhi on his hand	1
the way hero acted and got hurt sachi mein bhi on his hand	1
neck kisses	0
i will! you take care too and have a great day!	0
few more days to vote and make him win  .  .  .  keep on voting !!!! go for the win zquad #zayn4mmva	0
thanks	0
georgia ,  im inside you . 	0
i did text you back hold up	0
i miss my mans	0
next week for sure	2
we should have	1
ahhh is playing "tarantula"	3
ahhh is playing "tarantula"	5
i have too much to tweet ,  but feel free to email me flying tips &amp ;  la stuff! girlontheroam(at)gmail!!	0
hmmmm using 2 billionaires as your #brexit argument ,  stephen hawkins says stay ,  boris johnson says leave ,  i , ll choose stay thanks	0
at least i work all weekend	0
so beautiful	0
oh my god longest day eveeerrrr!	1
i prefer to be barefoot	0
bbq at my house today	0
i got told twice today that my eyebrows are nice	0
they selling socks by mcdonalds if anybody needs some lol	0
she finna switch	3
she finna switch	5
she finna switch	0
he really trying tf outta me	1
happy birthday!!!	0
damn i thought i lost it and okayy	0
damn i thought i lost it and okayy	1
half of them doesnt even make sense who made it up joey styles	0
well done! im currently having a break from writing my second revision	1
follow and stalk for 400+ free follows and gain followers	0
omg i watched it too! it was so emotional	1
"special thanks to the washington capitals for constantly disappointing her" .  -@alexigee i would never	0
when i look at my own skin i just dont think im that tan at all .  but people are forever telling me im so dark . 	0
pakistan ?  bangladesh ?  iran ?  saudi ?  i could go on and on ,  islam is factually intolerant of any other religion ,  read the quran	1
i hate you right now because you know why	0
i can tell by the shit you rt	1
i dont even know wat i spent my money on last night smh	1
why are you not here!!!!	1
send it please	1
i dont even want my man to acknowledge another bih	0
oh you changed it .  i was about to say if you were going mad	0
gawwwwd!!! this is the only show which im hooked to rn! and now this!! bhrk simply amazing!!!!!	0
gawwwwd!!! this is the only show which im hooked to rn! and now this!! bhrk simply amazing!!!!!	0
gawwwwd!!! this is the only show which im hooked to rn! and now this!! bhrk simply amazing!!!!!	0
gawwwwd!!! this is the only show which im hooked to rn! and now this!! bhrk simply amazing!!!!!	0
imitation is the sincerest form of flattery does that include blokey sandals ,  and snapback . 	2
imitation is the sincerest form of flattery does that include blokey sandals ,  and snapback . 	5
fine	1
currently waiting for raiden to poop so i can change him &amp ;  sleep	0
i miss daddy	1
bullshit init key	2
when will markbum	1
ok awak .  thanks	0
hopefully all dogs do go to heaven .  cause youll have your special place .  ela . 	0
thank you rosa	0
if i was a marvel character id be deadpool  .  cant stop talking	0
so cute masha allah	0
halftime	1
nobody did that see what you was going say	0
theres a lot of young ladies and i use that term loosely that dont like me .  .  ill truly never know what i did	0
rude customers piss me off so much ,  i have to bite my tongue 1000 times daily just so i dont lose my job	0
hate setbacks but i take that	2
hate setbacks but i take that	4
surprise its actually me on beasts recent teaser photo	0
maybe this is a sign that im dying	0
i know im starting to think weve had our summer! im still praying for a heatwave soon though #royalconnectionhour	0
i wanted to go bazaar to hunt for food but sadly ,  weekdays or weekends the queues makes me go ma shaa allah .  .  .  . 	0
july pa deployment	0
stupid as hell the kitty smell like bath and body works during a sale	0
i see yea its lit	0
scared tf outta me	0
can it be tomorrow yet ?  like seriously .  im so impatient ,  its ridiculous . 	4
post #gameofthrones depression	1
feel like my moms making me go to school cause shes mad she has to work .  . 	1
feel like my moms making me go to school cause shes mad she has to work .  . 	4
name of the song my good sir ? 	0
exactly shay now imma start asking niggas do they own umbrellas .  they say yea then they not man enough for me	1
rip #christinagrimmie gone to	1
srk with ranbir kapoor #srkrulingsince1992	0
ew do not get a fuckin attitude with me today	1
im so exhausted	1
take turn	1
bet it up	1
come to az	0
oh my lord .  .  .  are we sure jerry isnt a bammer ? 	0
haydn fleury ,  noah hanifin ,  justin faulk ,  jake bean .  hurricanes prospect pool for dmen is so so deep .  bunch of studs .  move to quebec tho	0
i cant cope any longer	1
i cant cope any longer	5
enter me in #jendiygiveaway hope i win this can check my first post here to prove that my post is all about this giveaway 2 , 480	1
im even upsetting my stomach even more with this #eurefresults	1
sometimes i wish i could pop my arms off and massage my own body	1
lol thats when i pull a me with her bff	2
ok richard jefferson .  i see you #allin216	0
had this dessert 1 time ,  it was so good &amp ;  had this edible flower to make it even more amazing ,  but not sure if it was a pansy or borage*	1
the starting credits to game of thrones are nearly as long as the programme itself	0
bitches wanna act like theyre shit when they get delivered ten sacks .  stay in your lane .  oh wait you dont have a car	0
smh bye ju	1
im sure ill be back at some point! ill do that now #bdib	0
spiff the alligator hunter	0
go get "be somebody" now by so proud of you #besomebodymovietonumber1 x5	1
omg my wifi suddenly lost connect .  i got cursed	1
omg my wifi suddenly lost connect .  i got cursed	5
gobsmacked	4
i got that pic too	0
ohhh already 1 retweet ill do the gc when i get like 3	0
i need sleep but not unless ik my bestfriend is okay ilysm baby everyone sucks ik	1
love you so much more	0
craving for japanese curry rice	0
ffs dont send a gas man to do a plumbers job i need a bloody shower without it raining in my living room	2
happy birthday	0
dammit i fell asleep	1
i had no negative thoughts or feelings intended	0
yareli is so heartbroken she is actually considering taking her parents offer of moving back to houston	1
yareli is so heartbroken she is actually considering taking her parents offer of moving back to houston	5
until now	1
fait	0
happy 36th anniversary to cat and a . k . a .  my parents .  love you both!	0
when people say "cha-polt-tay" =	2
when people say "cha-polt-tay" =	4
hehe tak lah ,  thanks my twin	0
everybody want to be a thug in 2016	0
worst week of my life	1
come here and let me be good to you	0
but nah fr fuck da feelings real live	0
hahaha guess so someone i dont even follow dmed me &amp ;  asked me about it	0
lucas skyler sounds good for my wonwoo account	0
me too me too ,  i needed that extra push your turn!!!	2
me too me too ,  i needed that extra push your turn!!!	5
the sad feeling of seeing someone really hot and knowing youll never see them again . 	1
today was too funny!!	0
happy birthday!!! i am drawing a picture of you but i wasnt able to finish it today like i planned anyway lots of love	1
game 7	0
got one	0
oh no!! please be careful babes	5
teaching 2 boot camp classes in newark nj today .  .  .  . im already exhausted from yesterday	1
i transcended thatbanker  .  .  . me trust… like to go prosecco and then i will do a thing . 	0
happy birthday hope its a good one	0
i didnt cry but i was feeling all kinds of emotional	1
im sooo cute	0
i was so happy saw you at relay i deadass didnt recognize you but i love you	0
i was so happy saw you at relay i deadass didnt recognize you but i love you	0
i was so happy saw you at relay i deadass didnt recognize you but i love you	1
le "tozz" il ma dead wlh	0
i dont ask judy or joel where they are anymore i just check on find friends	0
they woke me up	0
true	1
i like stevie wonder	0
bro now im mad these refs pmo	4
tied game that quick	2
i feel so much better with my hair straight	0
today is fathers day ? 	1
not coming back till july	0
grolarde	1
i need more people to start a snapchat streak with	0
kevin love so happy to finally be playing like he shouldve been all series ,  only took him 7 games to realize hes in the finals	0
hopefully i start work sunday only thing stopping me would b this drug test i just took lmfao but i need a job plus my hustles ill b	1
hopefully i start work sunday only thing stopping me would b this drug test i just took lmfao but i need a job plus my hustles ill b	5
i need to go for a run	1
i just bought an iron man piggy bank	0
lol i miss you too ! should! let me know	1
why is europe being punished	1
nobodys online to play black ops #rip	1
broke a fuckin nail	4
youve changed but i aint complaining	0
i feel so sick why does this have to happen ?  ? 	1
should i post them on here	3
should i post them on here	5
so i shouldve got my speed boost ages ago .  check online and now its january .  thanks!	2
right	1
miss you too!!! shoot ta soon pls	1
flower child	0
thank you haly! sure will	0
of course	0
i had no time to stop i will see you soon	1
because ive opted for him instead of bale in the euro fantasy .  why oh why!	2
because ive opted for him instead of bale in the euro fantasy .  why oh why!	4
yes ,  it was! i told mum what happened and she said dont worry ,  its a good thing .  meanwhile ,  im walking home shoeless	0
by the way .  i made you a hundred cupcakes .  theyre all pineapple #bye	2
lmfao you are funny i stg	0
graduation practice today for my babies! im so emotional!	1
i hate ppl	0
my #teenchoice nominee for #socialmediaqueen is  ? ! ( i literally got twitter just to tweet this ? ! )	0
girl bye im snatching wigs	1
ill treat you better than khelani	1
ill treat you better than khelani	5
quit lyin on that man an im always safe	2
lol i guess not	1
bin so happy!	1
the gardens are the best spot .  see the fireworks and hear the music .  perfect! ^n	0
slept at around 430pm and woke up at 1am there was no nap that took place .  that was a hibernation	3
slept at around 430pm and woke up at 1am there was no nap that took place .  that was a hibernation	5
after tonights result weve reconsidered .  .  . 	0
just downloaded the calendar its so gorgeous .  . thank you! im going to print it off tomorrow	0
confirmed the #ittefaq remake yayyy! the most exciting project out of all the films that hes doing .  can…	0
confirmed the #ittefaq remake yayyy! the most exciting project out of all the films that hes doing .  can…	0
*open grindr ,  see a cute guy ,  damn he is italien* my life is a joke	1
miss u &amp ;  our shs days . 	1
awwww thank you	0
43 .  yo bestfriend like right now! mine	0
you think so ? ! this is the best compliment youve ever given me	0
omg ,  can you imagine all the new photoshoots of hoechlin in superman costume we’ll get .  i need one ‘clark kent style vs su…	5
mistakes mistakes mistakes !!!	2
hope that every elementary kid has a wonderful #lastdayofschool .  .  . 	0
up state washington . 	0
cant believe what happened in orlando .  such shocking and devastating news thoughts go out to all those affected	1
my fucking hand hurts so bad	0
now im on the 2nd floor in a corner and no easy exit point .  if someone decides to shoot up my office im fucked . 	1
i hate lebron and the cavs since he plays for them is there a problem ? 	0
took a nap now im up	1
you are but we arent friends	0
you are but we arent friends	0
tell us ,  which new product do you most want to see ?  let us know if youd like something else!	0
same girl same	1
thanks man	0
what am i doing  ,  i should just give up	0
however ,  i am not a music blogger &amp ;  most of my views on life are what you kids would call "complete trash . " do not look to me for insight . 	0
booked my first ever flight .  to more travels to come hihih	0
shutup!	2
shutup!	4
when other people appreciates you more than your loved one ,  alhamdulillah	0
its 6/16/16 .  .  .  sounds likes something from #lost . 	3
its 6/16/16 .  .  .  sounds likes something from #lost . 	5
accidentally dropped my lipstick ,  and it broke thats ma favorite one	1
accidentally dropped my lipstick ,  and it broke thats ma favorite one	1
the saddest thing in life is meeting someone you connect with immediately but then realizing you will never ever see them again . 	0
i have an interview on monday	0
like bruh .  by the time day 5 comes around ima be contemplating suicide ,  by day 8 ill be contemplating takin someone out with me	1
them gm pics was	0
saynomo real shiet  , 	0
finally got my car registered	0
happy birthday love you enjoy your day	0
happy birthday love you enjoy your day	0
happy birthday love you enjoy your day	0
whats mine is mine i cant stress that enough	1
unfollow back	1
all i want is the love i give out ive always loved hard but wasnt loved as hard in return .  .  . 	1
text me . 	0
just when i thought things were about to get better  .  .  . 	1
poor wells #thebachelorette	1
im still trippin off the fact this mane has not tried to contact me since sunday	0
its a fkngreat movie .  i have the ost on cd	0
its a fkngreat movie .  i have the ost on cd	0
future reader kna gli ? 	0
morning! whos hungry ?  the weather is going to improve in #brighton too this #weekend which is exciting	0
fuck wrong with kanye	0
call me	1
that was basically me today im too much of a princess for manual labour i was close to kim k crying territory	1
that was basically me today im too much of a princess for manual labour i was close to kim k crying territory	5
mine coming down tomaa	1
too much shit happened lastnight	3
too much shit happened lastnight	5
i just want to see melanie martinez live	1
when the hubster brings you a subway and juice!!!! #earnedyouafewbrowniepoints	0
lol i cant believe lawrence be getting high	0
tocou one way or another no desenho "bobs burger" no canal fx	5
i get soo mean when im hot	1
love the products! just blogged some of my first impressions on them!	0
like a tbh from no stranger$ !!! mutual$ 0nl¥	0
like a tbh from no stranger$ !!! mutual$ 0nl¥	4
like a tbh from no stranger$ !!! mutual$ 0nl¥	1
like a tbh from no stranger$ !!! mutual$ 0nl¥	3
like a tbh from no stranger$ !!! mutual$ 0nl¥	5
and chasing it with the cooking sherry!! sounds like a normal sat to me	3
and chasing it with the cooking sherry!! sounds like a normal sat to me	5
dont threaten me with a party .  not a msu alum (purdue and iu) but a small msu fan	0
no sleep	0
respect my fucking relationship . 	1
went splurging today feel good to spoil myself	0
loved seeing on two very funny ,  very tall guys #teamcoco	0
loved seeing on two very funny ,  very tall guys #teamcoco	0
these fckn hoes cant touch me	0
im too broke for the new sephora store .  its already open .  .  . 	3
im too broke for the new sephora store .  its already open .  .  . 	5
cannot wait for tonight	0
all my friends pregnant so im such a loner right now	1
that was beautiful	3
that was beautiful	5
day 3 be like	1
ur really wilding out me today but aite big dog	0
totally forgot that zareth gave a shot to a homeless person	0
last night in perth .  its been a good one .  tomorrow we start the 21day trip to darwin .  coach ,  camping &amp ;  hostels .  .  bring it on!!	0
you could be inrixicated	0
kill the flame already! you got nothing to lose hehehe	0
so kind to include me .  ty susan!	0
why not	1
my phone tho	2
my phone tho	4
drinking the worst wine ever	4
new born babies are not cute to me idk why	0
goodnight love	0
awww! thanks carmack ,  love you too!!	0
despite my bad decisions and cursing habits ,  i have my good moments	0
i haaaated piano lessons .  &amp ;  1 of my grannys bffs taught me .  + she was my music teacher school .  i cried bc i hated it so much	1
well whose fault was that	0
this college decision making is really stressing me out	1
its crazy man	0
kaitlyn bought one everytime we went to the store	0
i met a girl lads	0
i havent talk to you in like forever how are you  ? 	1
happy birthday	0
lol it did a little	0
there is this girl i had "beef" with but i think she is cool	1
you fine as hell i just thought i should tell you that lmao	0
aww thanks nohemi	0
found you on twitter ,  have fun in germany	0
youre in waco	2
youre in waco	4
zelo too	0
tomorrow johnny &amp ;  i want to go see the conjuring but juans self rather see finding dory	0
tomorrow johnny &amp ;  i want to go see the conjuring but juans self rather see finding dory	1
tomorrow johnny &amp ;  i want to go see the conjuring but juans self rather see finding dory	1
it feels hotter than 17°	1
i never take twitter serious its just an app	0
sure does	1
my love for and has grown by a million after today	1
this is really creepy! creepy good!	5
#happyfathersday to all the amazing dads better late than never #sundayfunday	0
he told you huh  ? 	0
if i pull up ima pull out	0
thanks luv	0
speck hilang	1
finding nemo	0
this gretzky thing is so sad he says so many great things about gordie this makes me so sad #9forever	1
this gretzky thing is so sad he says so many great things about gordie this makes me so sad #9forever	1
yes please!!	0
my baby sister is getting christened today! whooooo hooooo!! may be out of action all day but will try &amp ;  slip a tweet in #teamhope	0
my baby sister is getting christened today! whooooo hooooo!! may be out of action all day but will try &amp ;  slip a tweet in #teamhope	0
my baby sister is getting christened today! whooooo hooooo!! may be out of action all day but will try &amp ;  slip a tweet in #teamhope	0
made the whole trip to florida and back okay ,  but i get home and crack my tooth on an olive . 	0
definitely a fake trophy	0
well thanks to social media i dont need to catch up #gameofthrones .  and it seems yet another of my favourite characters has met her end . 	5
six flags later	0
barack barack barack barack ,  barack obama #aldubebfathersday	0
when everyone is talking about relationships but you cant relate because relationship arent for you	0
bitches gotta understand ,  no matter how good yo is .  how loyal &amp ;  down you are ,  a nigga gon be a nigga &amp ;  he wont chang…	0
the whole country is losing its shit just cos we voted out of the eurovision song contest . 	0
a month away on holiday is waaaaaaayy too long for me like 2-3 weeks is enough .  36 days and im buzzing omg #toolong	0
a month away on holiday is waaaaaaayy too long for me like 2-3 weeks is enough .  36 days and im buzzing omg #toolong	0
a month away on holiday is waaaaaaayy too long for me like 2-3 weeks is enough .  36 days and im buzzing omg #toolong	1
its so dumb ,  but receiving ":face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss:" s will always make my day	0
its so dumb ,  but receiving ":face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss:" s will always make my day	0
imagine watching your boyfriend (him and malin were official ,  right ? ) talking about another girl like that .  such a prick .  egh .  #loveisland	2
oh yea brother my daddy wouldnt approve of that	0
oh shit	3
oh shit	5
no problem	0
chat	1
this lil girl at my camp looks like bobby shmurder	3
i love you too baby	0
youve got quite the experience ahead of you! let us know how you like it!	0
who wants to go swimming w/ me ,  kayla &amp ;  allison tomorrow  ? 	0
same i just love food a lot	1
i hate going to other churches besides my church	1
someone bring me dairy queen	1
i never know what to comment so*no comment .  . * thats the best comment ever tho	0
daddy look so fine with them mf glasses on gonna get himself caught up	2
john stewart	0
wish yall saw sizzla a stunt out the go kart	1
but i dont want to leave .  i am german	0
i feel you my nigga got to stay true to the game	0
boy ive always been soft youve been hurtin my feelings since 7th grade you know this	1
too bugg lastnight	1
i hate when he irritated cause sometimes i think its	1
i hate when he irritated cause sometimes i think its	4
1:00 am still awake	3
1:00 am still awake	5
you never know	0
im still into you good night	0
i miss having a late night conversation with you .  .  . 	1
are you tryin get me drunk ? 	0
my hair grow at crackhead speed	0
happy tuesday! have a great day	0
idk why this is so funny to me	0
im tryna go home	1
sorry i was at work	1
the comeback is not real	3
can u imagine him saying "babe wake up and watch the sunrise with me" anna haaalllpp	1
can u imagine him saying "babe wake up and watch the sunrise with me" anna haaalllpp	1
im straving	4
aw thank you so much	0
twitter &amp ;  facebook is jumping	0
i wanna do something fun this weekend	1
- is it worth being judge mental  ?  .   . 	1
ayyyye lets get it	0
we go all night because the way ramadan is set up niggahs cant have sex during the day	1
i am too i been on one i swear never again	1
its almost time for the sony press conference!!! who else will be watching! ? 	0
trixie is on the island &amp ;  i havent seen her yet	4
academy opens in 2 weeks .  there goes my job	1
your own family and friends be hating	4
why do i still have hope for russia	1
youre welcome .  enjoy your days browsz .  take a shot for me	0
man wanna go see bas tonight but ima studio fiend rn been workin every night for countless nights	1
lazy monday!	1
17) people w a sense of humor	0
horoscope say we bad for each other but da sex will be good	0
now were waiting for our movie to start and im regretting not taking a pain pill earlier .  . 	1
blame it on the alcohol or blame it on sativa	0
kaya mo yan i believe in you	0
ur right ill take advice from someone who doesnt understand the hype	0
hurry up 6am!!	1
someone should text me	0
working on it .  .  .  theres a house in the mountains of colorado with my name on it .  .  im sure of it . 	0
we missed you	1
naiiyak ako .  i turned down a very good opportunity .  but i cant leave kael .  #mommydiaries	1
i just did this awkward stretch and almost every bone in my body cracked	3
i just did this awkward stretch and almost every bone in my body cracked	5
god you are gorgeous cat	0
what ?  ?  the evidence is based on a couple of pictures ?  this has gotten so out of control . 	0
this stills of "i got the keys" made me think the song was gonna go harder than it actually did	1
aw no problem youre most welcome	0
aw no problem youre most welcome	0
all for the fans	0
slep crying woke up crying im a mess	1
missing home a lot today	1
vodka is strictly forbidden for me after a very bad experience when young	1
vodka is strictly forbidden for me after a very bad experience when young	4
nothing	0
wine and conversations	0
try to keep em loose ,  christina . 	0
i str8 hopped right out of that i said nvm my stomach hurt	1
thats how im living	0
my heart is just breaking right now ,  seriously why ? 	1
i rather spoil someone then them spoil me	1
i have this problem &amp ;  it wont let me order online either!!	1
we will see	0
tonight will be great	0
i fucking love you ,  life	0
miss you two	0
she snores too damn loud	2
that girl is mad	0
my whole life has been a lie . 	1
fighting mah	0
thats good am im half jock .  my father was a very opinionated glaswegian .  i tend to follow him	0
okay	0
ayeee thank you my guy	0
thanks for the offer friend means a lot! but my dad came thru for once lol	0
they doctoring me up in office  .  im in the cool air	0
ugh i hate when i slide and cut up my leg	1
send me youre number and ill hit you up tomorrow	0
im looking forward to watching the show &amp ;  seeing what happens throughout the season!	0
group chat trying to make me cry smh	1
goodnight guys .  my prayers go out to all those effected by the explosions in istanbul earlier #prayforturkey	1
rachel has gone totes cray-cray .  #orphanblack	5
an unchanged england team didnt they learn the last time	1
 .  .  . thanks ,  tho .  .  . 	0
my bestfriend be fucking it up	0
tired but not in a good mood .  .  but will sleep soon	0
yes maam	0
you think say the world dey revolve around your big ass #hollup	0
love you babe  .  .  i know i noticed it right after	0
beautiful smile to go with a sexy dimple	0
um .  .  .  . i see no issues with being pale .  .  .  .  . 	1
kyrie cold	2
die opstelling witsel en fellaini ? ! ballmovement will wilmots screwed belgium again .  we are doomed! #wilmotsbuiten #belita #sporza	5
my chest pain is killing me	1
bcuz very slow night and then about to log off (&amp ; was trying to hide my sad) and then two big tips	1
my mother lost her sister	2
my mother lost her sister	4
you start it &amp ;  ill finish it	0
my mom is so sweet	0
i miss my babyyy	3
i miss my babyyy	5
cant wait to see you	0
look at you i knew you was coming lol can you chill for we go threw something	0
ruined my favourite pair of adidas last night . 	1
happy birthday beautiful	0
let me stop being sarcastic ,  i dont care	0
i been seeing them but never paid attention to them	0
ive just unpublished my audacity crash course from udemy .  the end of an era . 	1
so ready for bed	1
why im just seeing this id do this for you	0
why im just seeing this id do this for you	0
jazz fest starts tomorrow	0
no facial hair sucks ,  why did i do this	1
could be worse ,  you could run like you was crouching pissing on the floor	0
shaw in a military uniform .  #personofinterest	0
i sent "lol" bc u said im fake	0
off to north carolina	0
at least its not a game full of fouls and sneaky behaviour!!!	0
jasmine ,  one day all of this will pay off	1
i do not want you as a fucking ally if you dont accept the full lgbtq community .  all of it .  suck it all or let me call you an uber . 	0
so glad im only going back to work on monday	0
anybody that knows me ,  knows how much i love young thug .  hes always first on my aux cord . 	0
same boat	1
its them lets f(uck)ight hours	0
i wish i could have tomorrow off	1
shut up .  no be speedy and glucose be your drug that yeah	0
omfg i cant believe you hugged him today thats so amazing	0
omfg i cant believe you hugged him today thats so amazing	0
omfg i cant believe you hugged him today thats so amazing	1
give me strength through all these	1
thought youve never heard of friends  ?  ? 	1
when people dont know elevator etiquette . 	4
2 years of shenanigans was enough for me besides hoes distract me from my naps	0
oh you hate me ?  nah homeboy i hate me	0
wow! its definitely going to take some getting used to you not having the pink hair .  but i definitely love it!	0
weifwei no thats jals i just think it looks cute and i like the actress a lot	3
weifwei no thats jals i just think it looks cute and i like the actress a lot	5
i know but i wasnt planning on going anywhere anyway! im going to town tomorrow . 	0
i know it happened yesterday also	0
yeah .  .  you got me	0
cant mess up my suits #brovsbro	2
cant mess up my suits #brovsbro	5
ive got a nice bose acousimass 5 . 1 system going cheap gents .  just saying	0
good morning	0
dont say bye when u dont even follow me on twitter	0
this is what you get for making jokes about england losing to iceland	0
that rybi is raiding for booty on twitch! thank you for the raid #twitch #streamers #twi…	0
the trouble with men suddenly seeing women as entirely competent is that men will crumble . 	3
the trouble with men suddenly seeing women as entirely competent is that men will crumble . 	5
driving the camry this week yes my mother in law has too much faith in me #nooneelsedoes #iclearlysuckatdriving #byebyealtima	0
driving the camry this week yes my mother in law has too much faith in me #nooneelsedoes #iclearlysuckatdriving #byebyealtima	1
driving the camry this week yes my mother in law has too much faith in me #nooneelsedoes #iclearlysuckatdriving #byebyealtima	1
game about to start	0
yeees and all the others drama that will against w already started promoting! so our request seems fair	1
yeees and all the others drama that will against w already started promoting! so our request seems fair	4
where the hell is fuccin miss u	2
where the hell is fuccin miss u	4
chick #3 just hatched!	0
greys anatomy s10 e12 41:39	1
haha i miss coaching the youngins with you	0
omg that puto	0
hi you are the most amazing person in this world  ,  so im in love with you ! i love you you could follow me ?  x2 , 684	0
happy bday kayla! god bless	0
alrighhttttt alright	0
good morning all! a bright start to tuesday morning in #newcastle enjoy your day &amp ;  remember #tuesdaytips  .  .  .  htt…	0
good morning all! a bright start to tuesday morning in #newcastle enjoy your day &amp ;  remember #tuesdaytips  .  .  .  htt…	0
good morning all! a bright start to tuesday morning in #newcastle enjoy your day &amp ;  remember #tuesdaytips  .  .  .  htt…	0
im anticipating	2
late night convos get real	0
last month of getting my hair &amp ;  nails done  .  gotta stop spending &amp ;  save up	0
i dead find a$ap ferg attractive	1
when you missin bae	1
looking #mighty time to order my gtx1080	0
i dont like chocolate ,  popcorn is way better	0
ronaldo didnt miss	2
furthermore ,  beating the wallabies by 11 points is unbelievable scenes	0
your so sweet man and such a fun person to talk to always here if you need me	0
your so sweet man and such a fun person to talk to always here if you need me	0
your so sweet man and such a fun person to talk to always here if you need me	1
yes yes yes yes	0
i thought you watch next day	5
greys anatomy season 12 is on netflix there goes my saturday and sunday	0
 . @lanadelrey is your middle name derek ? 	0
miss you too! i will for sure	0
woah lowkey thought it was you too!	1
duh this shit worse than reality tv	0
account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy .  learn more . 	0
account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy .  learn more . 	0
10:20 pm .  .  . a dish with a container on it moved on its own .  poltergeist ?  my brain still out of it from watching #theconjuring2 ? 	5
thank you!	0
thats a good addiction! which is your favorite protein brand ,  kyle ? 	0
i want to go for a late night drive but i dont want to drive	0
im getting the new one for my birthday soon although i can listen to it on	0
"donald trump old as dirt"	1
ion know why females try to lie and hide i already know wassup	0
looking back at old conversations makes me want to kill myself because i want that again	1
last tattoo until my birthday	1
get vardy on that pitch	1
omfg this got 40 rts	3
omfg this got 40 rts	5
momma just said we wont have meatballs dont wanna go anymore	1
going up in the world	0
cant wait til he actually has his own hpr headquarters	0
lets stop acting like we own the ocean when we dont even know about 95% of it	0
thatll just water it down #chaser	1
you can really yourself now ive been waiting for this day	0
when a nigga got a cute ass smile &amp ;  waves on come here	0
when a nigga got a cute ass smile &amp ;  waves on come here	0
when a nigga got a cute ass smile &amp ;  waves on come here	1
when a nigga got a cute ass smile &amp ;  waves on come here	1
just stole oomfs icon	0
just gotta love having my dad mad at me	1
and like the good girlfriend i am ,  i have set the #engwal match to record! bonus points for me	0
when everybody is gone and the crib is peace and quiet	0
thanks for the follows and and to everyone else that follows me .  still getting the hang of this	0
haha awe thanks babes any timeee	0
haha awe thanks babes any timeee	0
jgh .  from flaxman camberwell to charteris kilburn with when ball is	0
jgh .  from flaxman camberwell to charteris kilburn with when ball is	1
i love my size and i love my shape	0
they wanna make me jealous because i was doing the same to them for edc	0
miss u too	1
wtf! theres a sneak peek at the end credits of terminator genisys ? !	5
i really cant take this anymore	2
i really cant take this anymore	4
"i dont have beyoncé"	0
the folks dont speak #kannad  ,  and i love it!!	0
i should be in vegas right now	1
hi unnie	0
dont know how much longer i can cope with the smelly git behind me on this bus got to love public transport	4
dont know how much longer i can cope with the smelly git behind me on this bus got to love public transport	4
i am extremely excited about this ,  too!	0
i swear im too much to handle please dont try me	0
when you been waiting all mfn day yea thats where im at	2
when you been waiting all mfn day yea thats where im at	4
nathan	0
even my lips are burnt fuck sake	0
even my lips are burnt fuck sake	0
cant wait to get my hair and nails done . 	0
2 blog posts ready for next week! excited to be getting back into it	0
lol fuck no babyyy	0
thats why you on house arrest fed mf	0
what year was that	0
lmao you guy stop being dramtic n yess you should have	0
typos that go un noticed are so frustratingly like they are so slick ,  i dont even notice that they happen!	1
typos that go un noticed are so frustratingly like they are so slick ,  i dont even notice that they happen!	1
i want to play with my makeup rn but i have a migraine	1
much needed workout today .  of course after i move this 1200lb piano	2
much needed workout today .  of course after i move this 1200lb piano	4
im bacc where i left off	2
congrats you deserve it	0
#intl please	1
thank you so much ,  youre so sweet!	0
i be on some new tunes new new	0
almost have 100 people to watch my sc	0
hell yea ,  esp .  that one	4
i really love chinese food	1
definitely just lost ash	1
wohho!! india won by 10 congratulations team india and captain cool congrats girl	0
chill it	1
didnt mean the cool eyes	0
try me muthafucka	2
someone broke into the mom van and stole my beach floatie and im absolutely pissed	4
libra people are amazingly nice!	0
i already am girl	0
my hair smells heavenly w/ this new oil	0
thanks teammate	0
i hate living in a 2 story house where both bathrooms are upstairs	1
i would if i were there!!	1
photos tomorrow	0
shayef tab kef bdi ajeb more followers like u	1
shayef tab kef bdi ajeb more followers like u	1
shayef tab kef bdi ajeb more followers like u	1
yes yes	0
yes yes	0
glad to hear that i was shocked to discover yoon sang didnt know how to cook rice before the show &amp ;  gura has good instincts but-	0
the boy	1
i should be getting ready for my doctors appointment ,  but after that shower .  .  im cuddled in my blankets too cold to move . 	1
yo .  6 more hours in this car ,  so hmu	0
oh no .  . im so sorry	2
oh no .  . im so sorry	5
justement .  .  . 	1
justement .  .  . 	4
i cant handle being shut down again ,  but i want to send this message so bad .  . 	1
cuz he was on the fucking blow	0
regrets there anyway	1
higkey miss my boyfriend need my tummy and back rubbed	1
they would have shuffling battles back in middle school	1
youre funny asf and youre cute	0
youre funny asf and youre cute	0
youre funny asf and youre cute	0
bro i forgot about that .  you stupid	0
bro i forgot about that .  you stupid	1
watching a french soccer match in a bar packed with supporters is so much fun when france scores! #euro2016 #but #allezlesbleus	0
i hate it when your being short with me and cause me to double snap/text because you dont reply ,  youve done it for a week now	1
what the hell is that gonna do ?  srsly	2
what the hell is that gonna do ?  srsly	4
omg id love so much to win youre such an angel	0
this is the real cavs i been waiting for yall to see	0
my nephew keeps taking steps and im missing it	1
why play hard to get  .  .  . its a fucking no or yes .  .  .  that easy	0
power restored	0
yeah it sucks though i just wanna sleep like a normal person	4
yeah it sucks though i just wanna sleep like a normal person	1
so pretty!!! your coloring is so nice aya	0
its a new art form showing people how little we care . 	0
im always up all night	0
i wish we could all 3 way ft	0
its too difficult	1
idk i want too ,  aww gracias when do you come back ? 	0
me mareas .  .  . 	2
me mareas .  .  . 	5
hate the fact mfs gotta be at work always falling asleep on me	1
hate the fact mfs gotta be at work always falling asleep on me	1
thats all i said after	0
miss you 2 3 4 5	0
ahhh! okay!!	2
ahhh! okay!!	5
tough crowd today	0
well good thing you dont huh	4
i love it when you look it me like that	0
i wish she knew my feels .  .  .  . 	2
i wish she knew my feels .  .  .  . 	4
i wanna go back to cali so badddd i need friends mannn	1
usually im productive on my mondays off buuuuut it is too hot for life	1
im so ready for kelseys on monday	1
i want some oysters	1
mannnnn i want my hair to look exactly like that i dont want it to be flat	0
mannnnn i want my hair to look exactly like that i dont want it to be flat	1
since you asked so nicely!	0
my fav ,  gobby one my vav the business one my fav the quiet one #tuts4daught ers	0
wish i was closer would be there in a heart beat steven x	0
ngl last thing i want is to be in a serious relationship at this age ahahah im only 15	0
damn its been 11yrs since my gma died today r . i .  gma joan love ya forever and always	0
damn its been 11yrs since my gma died today r . i .  gma joan love ya forever and always	1
me too ive been crying since i woke up this morning	1
everything i touch get stuck	0
hi ,  zayn! how are you ?  i miss you .  can you follow me please ?  i love you so much	0
cant take any medicine or vitamins on an empty stomach . 	1
i know! i know .  haha . 	0
pack yo shit yo!!!!! fuck is you doing ?  the sooner you to it the sooner you can chill the fuck up again .  get shit over with . 	2
#eurotrash is back on the telly .  why am i only just finding out about this .  nice one	0
thank u	0
it was for watching the house	0
president melanin sis i can see it now . 	0
100 degrees here in carlsbad . 	0
at least i show up to the morning practices	0
tell em to marry next week	1
looks like somebody forgot to pay the bills last week	3
looks like somebody forgot to pay the bills last week	5
elizabeth is sending me videos of her taming a raccoon . 	3
elizabeth is sending me videos of her taming a raccoon . 	5
payet for goal of the #euro2016	0
legit craving for hotdog sandwich	1
i need some breakfast food in me	1
girl no! lol theyre perfect for zero sunlight in your room when you wake up	0
i need a new avi  .  .  tired of seeing this one  .  . 	1
now you see me 2	0
some people will try anything! must try that on monday!!	0
i swear i had the biggest head when i was little	1
so .  tired . 	1
pookie bitch get yo friendly ass on	2
pookie bitch get yo friendly ass on	4
my tonsils swollen again having flashbacks from when i was sick last time	0
my tonsils swollen again having flashbacks from when i was sick last time	1
my tonsils swollen again having flashbacks from when i was sick last time	1
niggas dont be want fight you niggas rather shoot then take that ass whooping	0
good stuff done at the judiciary but i must admit you are master of art .  . you have watched tut many times i guess	0
omg me and jshaun details aint nothing but screenshots	0
and i forgot my earphones	1
you can get undies interesting how i’m i going to shop there only for bras	0
my dad is the best for detailing my car and filling my tank	0
i am so in love ,  its ridiculous . 	3
i am so in love ,  its ridiculous . 	5
i need another holiday right now	1
like 2 months ago i wouldnt be able to say this but sex overrated now	0
happy birthday have a good one ,  godbless	0
i am a child of god	0
back &amp ;  forth from central and south got my gas tank	1
everytime rihanna says "fuck your white horse and a carriage" i think she says "fuck your white horse and a cabbage"	0
dont worry i come home in a day!	0
i just spit my drink all over myself because of livingston! #gswvscle	3
i just spit my drink all over myself because of livingston! #gswvscle	5
having bomb hair is pointless if your leave out is chewed	0
talking about our faves	0
ikr like orlando florida there was shooting and 50 ppl died on sunday	1
whiteys .  .  youre so far away	1
congratulations sac u deserve it . 	0
each day i learn something new and i regret nothing but just thank god	0
prayers for the steele family	1
justin #hacecalorenmtvhits	0
where can i watch this ? 	1
i kno you do	0
trinity but thats how you and quell was sounding thursday	0
uk left eu but i will never send to 1⃣5⃣ who you will leave	0
uk left eu but i will never send to 1⃣5⃣ who you will leave	1
notice me i want to feel alot better	1
notice me i want to feel alot better	5
happy 14th birthday bestfriend i hope im first everwhere	0
damn ,  yall really are gonna be trash next year	0
rodney carrington is so damn funny	0
my pleasure #ff happy friday	0
this thurs ,  alfred will cook for dinner	5
i was enjoying ffviii but i havent had a huge urge to sink back into it .  plus revelations happened	0
i love to run	0
okay	0
wow! who would believe something so scary looking would turn into something so beautiful	0
thanks boo	0
black stewart downing	0
ill be the kind one &amp ;  drop you there xx	0
*on our way to doms ,  40 min away* my "this trip is bfe" wth my "this trip is bull fucking egypt ,  in the middle of no where	0
its just one of those days where you come home from work and just cry because it was just so shit	1
the fact that i cant make zach feel better makes me upset	1
babygirl gets whatever she wants	0
finally back homeee	1
im so	4
rooney has mastered the 30 yard passes	0
no one to go with tho	1
tirame un snapchat	0
i always complain about nobody texting me ,  but then again ,  i never reply when somebody does	0
been getting bad vibes lately .  .  .  idk	1
only time will tell .  all we can do is live life as it is now .  does this mean rdm cant manage us	0
its so hot i dont wanna work	1
happy bday miss u and love u	0
yeah just message me whenever	0
esethu stays catching these ls	0
its crazy cause i be seeing toya all the time she too fine	1
52 .  okay  ,  im done remember gator party july 9th females $2 &amp ;  niggas $5	2
52 .  okay  ,  im done remember gator party july 9th females $2 &amp ;  niggas $5	1
and section	1
and the avi	0
life is just going by to fast seventeen thursday	1
ferry turned back .  still in poole harbour  . 	3
ferry turned back .  still in poole harbour  . 	5
its fine grumpy bear ,  get some sleep	0
"you cant start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one" yolo	0
hell no!	0
the difference between knowing your shit and knowing youre shit . 	0
lol im so proud of you sugar it could be worse	0
missed my sis reunited	0
island music is so relaxing	0
i wish i could go with you guys	0
you too boo .  ive got the most love for you and you look amazing girl ,  all edges snatched	0
officially a walsh college student	0
ill let you beat me there as far as finish lines go	0
im doing a split so wont see it till 3:30 i never normally work saturdays	1
that was so much fun! im gonna eat &amp ;  then ill be on my main cam account!	0
midnight quotes	0
til this day niggas still think thats future	1
i dont think we talk anymore	1
no please	0
howcome ?  must be a fair few ,  no ? 	1
lol im a leave it alone man	0
ged times ,  got told if carlsberg did staff they would be like me we are going to get so much slagging for this btw	0
damn mexico got disrespected	1
marriage is on average kind of the worst but my favorite couple in the world just got engaged and omg	0
glo can be very useless .  youll be in the middle of something important and network will just disappear	2
glo can be very useless .  youll be in the middle of something important and network will just disappear	5
tonights love island is gonna be so good	0
is so real my girl stay showing me love	0
is so real my girl stay showing me love	0
say it aint so	1
i need to get up and do my hair	1
everyday  ?  yeah idk i get them here and there ,  and ill wake up all mad like he did something	0
my ig tl	3
my ig tl	5
if i had a car ,  id never be home	0
i was flipping thru the photos on the camera ,  and at the end of todays it went to the start - photos of the night got torq	0
you know it	2
best of luck sir its amazing . mam u have a lovely voice god gifted vry #rockabyte ht…	0
honestly ,  all i said was "wow" and was mad the way it ended	1
i miss how things used to be  ,  when all that mattered to you was my happiness &amp ;  when youd do anything for me	1
bro party gon be lit	0
$25… but dont worry ,  the went a good home	0
all i want to do is watch kanyes new video .  #whyisthissohard	1
congrats to and me for hitting on our snap streak	0
your new daughter is so cute congrats lmaooo	0
its a hard day to feel joyful	1
hi everyone been busy lately	0
tina-louise boyce wrote on cloc musical theatre companys the king and i turns thrill seeker and goes to alton towers (4 likes)	3
tina-louise boyce wrote on cloc musical theatre companys the king and i turns thrill seeker and goes to alton towers (4 likes)	5
yo im hungry	2
you not even a man	2
you not even a man	4
damn erbody gettin duis out here	0
truthfully speaking ,  im glad #kevinlove is playing as he should .  .  . itll make the victory sweeter if they all play to their fullest	0
that boy done got him a girrrrr all in love i see ya fam	0
i wasnt going to add your snapchat .  .  . but since thats a martian penis	0
i wished i had known her ,  roscky .  she must have been very special . 	1
i know right hopefully its just temporary	0
i jus pulled up  .  .  come back	5
i wish i had my life together	1
i hate everyone that has gone to see finding dory fuck all yall	2
you gotta learn how to respect artistry young thug is great as well .  .  .  but so is future . 	0
im so happy for yall .  our year was horrible! i dont want yall to go through that so just make sure yall keep it up	0
i feel mad fucking sick	4
cadens mom constantly calls me handsome #blessed	0
feeling a little living thing inside ur tummy is so wonderful and cute and powerful and aw it melts my heart	1
i actually dont	0
free hydro flasks are nice	0
why are people that dont know me always talking about me like i promise yall my life is not that interesting	0
flip flops ,  towel and a toiletry bag	0
i hope it went well!	0
pops	0
i blew that shit too	0
i got like 4 real friends everyone else associates	0
ahaha lets not bring that up again .  too traumatic	1
omggggg st .  louis pride im drunk lol	0
cash machine robbed me with a 1 . 04 exchange rate brilliant	0
cargo pants in my military cut ones ,  may 8" tablet nearly fits or my 55-200 lens ,  or flash + accesories	0
id rather be at the beach right now	1
crazy	0
youre beautiful	0
you know it can get hard sometimes	3
im all i got	1
im all i got	4
ngl some of this white people have really nice mesmerizing eyes	0
maybe they just tease him .  i didnt remember who said maybe its gou who said first ,  then sou called rin mom	0
i am not prepared for spanish 3 .  thanks sra . 	2
i am not prepared for spanish 3 .  thanks sra . 	4
i miss you too! we need to hang out before you leave me for tech	1
six flags	0
4 times / week  ?  all right thanks	0
yes i hope .  .  .  a fair merci	0
thank you	1
im still mad at you about that btw	0
she is shaheers niece #aairah	0
dont forget them oreos	0
so because of that they decide to restrict my accounts should be back tomorrow at 9am tomorrow according to a man	0
this shit sad bro i really fucking miss him come back	0
this shit sad bro i really fucking miss him come back	1
cause they dont wanna get caught not me	1
thank you	0
okkk thank you	0
ugh nothing interesting is happening in the trademark world .  what am i gonna write about! ? 	1
#london is in shock not a smiling face on the victoria line this morning #brexitdisaster voting for #lexit	1
bc im a good lil girl lmfao	0
kemal and nihan take spot #1 on my ships making clexa #2 this development	5
sesame street hasnt made any yet . 	0
people try to get me mad  ,  too bad i aint	0
sorry  ,  youre still cute though	0
dear girl that works at the chick-fil-a in derby ,  god bless you	0
give me back my tuna aesthetic	4
enough for a quiet night in	0
a comer	0
buy me it so i can show it off for you	0
i normally just other peoples funnys .  not today .  too upset and embarrassed by #brexit vote .  sorry eu	1
nah it doesnt suit you	0
youve tagged the wrong sports therapy are the ones youre after	0
unproductive day .  whats new	2
unproductive day .  whats new	4
dont ever go there agian . 	0
hey guys its claire .  life update i went swimming ,  tubing ,  went on and drove a boat ,  and then saw finding dory .  fun times . 	0
congrats ! finally well deserved now go party and invite me too	0
we be going at it	0
so much sperm was wasted to make those people	4
is that your kitty!	0
ugh i know .  i wanna go to nocturnal possibly ef next year	0
ugh i know .  i wanna go to nocturnal possibly ef next year	1
#conjuring2 was soooo scary but good at the same time	0
#conjuring2 was soooo scary but good at the same time	4
he does so much for everyone &amp ;  deserves a rest for one day at least! well on #fathersday #dontwakedad #win	0
i give a lil lesson in sex education	2
you my homie but im feel bad when i catch them ankles	0
cool	0
who wants to go to work at 6 oclock im over it	2
who wants to go to work at 6 oclock im over it	4
yall so weird .  .  . no wonder .  . 	0
no .  just p1j . 	0
thank you	0
them all white yezzy 350s are so hot man .  but we all know only like 5 ppl will get them	1
only just seen this april il tell you tomorrow  ,  gossip	0
you mess with us .  you mess with squad . 	0
where r the metl head gurlz tho ?  ?  theyre more rare than a fckn shiny pkmn round here .  dammit	0
nationalism	2
nationalism	4
tired is not the word	1
when i first read this i definitely thought you were talking about instead of an actual easy bake oven . 	0
lets just do it	0
first night of summer and i have to work	0
its what happens when you stay up to late!	0
wont be answering my phone today	0
when you speakin of real ,  girl you gone never forget me	0
great game  .  #euro2016 #effengland	1
ive created a monster	4
grave	0
lebron block was so clutch	1
thanks doll! so lovely to be included with so many inspiring blogs!	0
next month	0
we could kidnapp them .  the modern way lock them in the house	0
everyone go follow the baby girl	0
times must have hit him hard	1
this is a terrible picture and you sent me a picture of chewed up food! you are disgusting!	0
this is a terrible picture and you sent me a picture of chewed up food! you are disgusting!	2
why wont you answer	1
- pretty girl	0
i want braids again	1
i dont wanna date you  .  .  .  i just wanna take you home and do something grown folks can relate to	0
still cant believe someone would be capable to do something like that to her #ripchristina	1
i got an a on my finance final! that class was the hardest ive ever taken! so proud of myself	0
yall follow a real nigga i follow back	0
niggas get one thing of designer and dont know how to stop wearing it	4
hahaha kakastart pa lang .  queen of the south .  tell me if its ok . 	0
hahahaha .  i dont play sport	0
wifes from memphis ,  ut grad ,  my friend from hs was smokeys handler . 	0
almost off	2
almost off	5
missss you robbyn! enjoy sa work boss	0
missss you robbyn! enjoy sa work boss	0
so loud ,  boisterous .  .  . group in a public transport #aldubxdrewga	1
you have my heart	2
know you tired of heartbreaks baby i am not them	0
bitches been weird	0
*tinext classmates* "thank you sa pagvote sakin .  .  . " chuchu .  "youre welcome "deserve mo naman aww .  thank you guys	0
she is so beautiful	0
will do!!!	0
she dont miss shit	0
i dont think so . 	0
unni you bought the moschino sweater ?  ?  ?  i did too!! couple wear hha .  .  .  ,  ,  im wearing urs…	0
unni you bought the moschino sweater ?  ?  ?  i did too!! couple wear hha .  .  .  ,  ,  im wearing urs…	0
unni you bought the moschino sweater ?  ?  ?  i did too!! couple wear hha .  .  .  ,  ,  im wearing urs…	0
unni you bought the moschino sweater ?  ?  ?  i did too!! couple wear hha .  .  .  ,  ,  im wearing urs…	0
when you see something you dont like but you gotta act like nothing	0
his cutie curls are gone	1
reading tweets with grammar errors were like seeing myself in the mirror . 	0
lol yea i need to go to sleep	0
im so pale	1
when you make plans and they literally go to waste	1
as ray davies once sang "its a mixed up , muddled up shook up world" i say "as long as theres music i dont give a monkey what happens"	0
feels good to be home but sweek was fun	1
wish i was married to chris young so his beautiful self could sing me to sleep every night	0
all the more reason for us to just eat anyway aiyah some people	0
all the more reason for us to just eat anyway aiyah some people	1
j is bringing me pizza and all i can think about is throwing up	1
i love you too pretty girl	0
joe hart swearing on the bbc	0
i mean ,  sport it	4
please ewallet me 10k	1
wallahi every video of his makes me cry	0
ek reaction dede	0
you know what i would choose	0
some people are like the nutrition facts on a bottle of water .  .  .  useless . 	2
some people are like the nutrition facts on a bottle of water .  .  .  useless . 	4
dont change anything from the book please .  . 	0
yes- thank you very much for your help	0
yes please	0
my stomach steady sellin out on me its only right	1
comedy gold right here	0
fam its too much welcome love!	1
formation sterling  ?  ?  ?  spurs famous 5 hodgson being a dinosaur scenes when it is 0-0 on 85 mins #thisisenglan…	4
formation sterling  ?  ?  ?  spurs famous 5 hodgson being a dinosaur scenes when it is 0-0 on 85 mins #thisisenglan…	2
formation sterling  ?  ?  ?  spurs famous 5 hodgson being a dinosaur scenes when it is 0-0 on 85 mins #thisisenglan…	5
i dont even eat the pussy you eating the booty	4
get a good rest i love you	0
i feel like a little kid who wont sleep because its their birthday tomorrow im really excited to see my sister more than anything	0
girls usually know when a nigga just want to hit .  .  they just let you think you have game .  .  so they let you feel big .  so just be s8	0
tak ws everytime tak semestinya lupa ke curang ke kan .  just give both space for our own things ,  especially tidur	0
so my parents decide they want to redo the living room and the only place we can go is in the red room i wanna go lay in my bed	2
so my parents decide they want to redo the living room and the only place we can go is in the red room i wanna go lay in my bed	4
my lecturer gave me like 3 journals for my assignment crisis averted	0
somebody take me to breakfast	0
did el salvador make it to the copa or world thought so	0
did el salvador make it to the copa or world thought so	0
i really wish you could play w/us!! were in need of good players . 	0
ahaha good ill give you your birthday punches jk	0
broken streak	1
happy birthday beautiful have a great day!!	0
i just woke up .  alas hii maisha ya kuishi kwa matha	0
i wish i was writing my last exam tomorrow already wednesday is too far	2
i wish i was writing my last exam tomorrow already wednesday is too far	4
right! orlando is next on my list	0
i love our women im simply saying theyre very disrespectful especially when talking about other people	0
i told you ,  you are just special	0
ill see a burberry watch for $600 and say "oh thats not bad" then hesitate to buy a $10 drugstore make up product	0
hannnnn im the plug for good music	0
trop de feels	0
my throat hurt	1
i have to go to bed	1
its every night at the moment! love it	0
lol dude ,  i only had a week off for summer break .  are you in alaska! ? 	1
do you deliver to 27614 ? 	0
- heart eyes asf	0
good luck wish i could hear you live one day!!	1
good luck wish i could hear you live one day!!	5
done playing table tennis	0
g shit hate miami with my heart and soul	0
my brother voice is so fucking annoying ,  he ask so fucking many questions . 	4
yes with hi family	0
everyone is posting pics of their bf/gf and im still single	0
i dropped my phone in butter .  .  .  .  now its got problems or dying .  .  .  .  why am i so clumsy	1
#growingupwithstrictparents sometimes i forget that im 19 and still feel like im 12 while talking to my mom	0
when the ryerson security guards took down mine and information for smoking on campus	0
happy fathers day to all the daddies out there whos pull out game is weak af send this to sugar daddies	0
happy fathers day to all the daddies out there whos pull out game is weak af send this to sugar daddies	0
happy fathers day to all the daddies out there whos pull out game is weak af send this to sugar daddies	0
happy fathers day to all the daddies out there whos pull out game is weak af send this to sugar daddies	1
i think im coming down with a fever	1
nauh im just tht good	0
if i was out there i would to get my money but hey you wasnt supposed to lose ya money this time #gsw	0
surely not	4
its hot as shit but i still take hot showers	1
pigs stomach was beautiful	1
currently editing todays vlog	0
im not from baltimore	1
my entire shift was a shit show (as usual) but i fed a wild hedgehog carrots on my break	0
cmon! and actually its the guy right across the street from me he does it all year	0
frick is it that bad	1
now thats true	0
ray j is pissed cause they cut out the footage of him having his in kim ks mouth . 	0
minus the bs  ,  lifes great	0
did you finish matric ? 	0
dont mess with queen b!	3
dont mess with queen b!	5
nope first thing i asked is it from ann summers	0
oh my gawd	0
sweet	0
haha i do like a rave hope you had fun becca #colorobstaclerush	0
can only be ed james	0
i just think its a distraction for me .  i mean ,  i have school and here i am still using twitter thanks for being worried . 	0
i miss ariah seriously gunna adopt her till i have my v own	1
thank you	0
im so in love with you	0
im so in love with you	0
yes please please	1
i love it when customers are being mega dicks so i start being even more chipper and friendly and it makes em more angry	0
ladies you dont have to make a vlog on how yall met once you get into a relationship .  absolutely no one gives a shit”	1
exactly! we have 1000 other crappy things that older generations have handed down ,  whats one more to the list ? 	0
i cried yesterday when i read all of scotland voted remain my heart burst with total pride scotland is us ,  we are	0
i need chocolate indulge and red velvet cake for my iftar	1
naw thats the senior all start game and my bad congrats big head	0
we dont really talk like we used to do	1
so retarded	0
boloss	0
its dope , dope ,  so dope , this is dope , more dope ,  dope , dope .  .  . doooooooope what says lol dope	0
i totally will love you!!	0
finally charging my phone	0
exactly  .  and people be letting that shit go on for months  .  like why yall even dating  ?  ?  ?  risking stds &amp ;  shit  .  nahh	1
tryna go to the movies tonight	1
he done put the " " #2016betawards	0
ion want none of you bitches	0
greatest experience! have fun!	0
i find mine out in a couple of weeks good luck!!	0
these are just my personal opinions .  .  .  but who am i  ?  just a taxpayer	0
monday means going to work 5 hours before im scheduled to work .  also means being scheduled during the finals game . 	0
just went on the biggest dummy with my mom	2
just went on the biggest dummy with my mom	4
itnay lamby articles hum parh skty to aaj itnay low grades q aaty ? 	0
yeah that bmw pretty until them goons decorate it with bullets	0
some of these girls be looking like snacks chocolate girls vanilla all type of flavors	0
some of these girls be looking like snacks chocolate girls vanilla all type of flavors	0
some of these girls be looking like snacks chocolate girls vanilla all type of flavors	1
congratulations #ita team ge rooooh .  better team won .  hihhalaak though	0
is g "get out of my business" ? 	0
fuhhhh you right	1
ill smack yall both	0
tell me im da best and ill do it	0
yes please	0
im really in here jamming tho	0
just want someone to walk with me on the water way rn	0
i always get hungry around this time !!! like wtfff	0
duuuude but u r hot too i dont care about the pics themselves its just that i cant be really inspiring &amp ;  thats kinda the point	0
andré gomes is doing so good! im proud of you kid	0
my fucking eye hurts so bad	1
i need more sleep . 	1
hey lady . 	0
done	0
school saves me from so many problems	1
why didnt they put kane on before	4
sometimes when i talk ,  i dont even recognize myself anymore	3
sometimes when i talk ,  i dont even recognize myself anymore	5
i have no one to talk too	1
sari and rangoli ji thanks for awesome pics of kangana ranaut ji thank you again	0
some run by qewy i fancied him for a cheltenham festival once	0
yes i know but thank you babe!	1
okay ,  joelyn behave!	0
tanner does that he says his head is too small so he needs to tuck in his ears	0
tipsy	0
perfect	0
perfect	0
i never trust the way mexican restaurant employees carry out the food and today i realized why and i have a burnt leg to validate it	1
q isso cr	1
happy birthday girl !	0
everybody always calling me crazy like	2
everybody always calling me crazy like	4
it wasnt the best thing ,  and im so tired	1
had a great day! so much fun! #friends #beach #pool #hangout	0
im back	0
thanks .  is a tough and hard journey for sure with a lot of emotions but it can def work well if its focused on the kids	0
daya you and nicoles are all i had omg . 	1
not sure .  .  .  but says grandchaddy	0
filters ? 	0
i mustve been a really good person in my previous life to deserve the amazing friends i have	0
you too sweetie	0
i learned	0
gonna be electric at	0
no  .  .  .  . boy baby a when yu get a backshot	2
no  .  .  .  . boy baby a when yu get a backshot	4
stfu	0
sooo blessed	0
im just saying hes only 8 .  .  .  you might just let him win once . 	0
lets go cleveland	2
exactly i would to	2
exactly i would to	4
4 people have deleted me on facebook since yesterday why am i laughing	0
so proud of all my little munchkins who graduated from centereach high school today!! cant wait to see you guys	0
thanks .  we were the third ones to pull up after . 	4
i cant stop watching it now i have a feeling im going to be up late	0
alkohol ? 	5
hey hows everyone doin today ? 	1
yeah cause niggas in relationships have one bitch . 	0
i can only imagine how much fun dwayne johnson was having while voicing maui . 	0
lol .  yep .  youll be just fine with it	0
ill keep that in mind	0
body	1
who makes up these national days though	3
one day	1
the lady at kaiser needs to get her shit together	2
the lady at kaiser needs to get her shit together	4
yea i guess hes useful in some ways	0
god i hope you are	0
i was definitely attacked	3
i was definitely attacked	5
vagina hair be growing back as you shaving like wtf	0
my mom and brother are going for the warriors and my dad and sister are going for the cavs and theyre all just telling each other stuff	0
forever having a resting bitch face is kinda my thing . 	0
this time last year ,  i was in miami .  lord ,  take me back	1
hmmmmmm .  .  .  did you happen to leave those shoes .  .  .  ? 	0
cant even bang with my boy no more females these days	1
james mcavoy in wanted	0
i love	0
i love	1
so many people could relate to our struggle	0
time flys .  we forget no phones back then grabby hands now &amp ; 	3
time flys .  we forget no phones back then grabby hands now &amp ; 	5
you mean i cant unload on you  ?  people dont really talk anymore ,  right ?  as communities ,  neighbors ,  fellow humans i think	0
you wouldnt stand a chance	0
nein	0
nein	3
nein	5
i so wanna watch central intelligence movie	1
so let a bitch try . 	0
im sorry	1
beyond excited for my 1/2 law human rights and wrongs module next year	0
my baby tired	1
omg the way hes eating	1
thats something serious	1
just watched bad education! absolutely brilliant ,  at the start killed me	0
morning	0
would you believe me if i said im in love ? 	0
huhuhu okay sorry i will tell u asap after dah repair kay	0
huhuhu okay sorry i will tell u asap after dah repair kay	1
you cute as hell too so i take it as a compliment lol but your old classmates clearly miss you	0
you cute as hell too so i take it as a compliment lol but your old classmates clearly miss you	0
defend your self kanang pina thesis nga style truth!	0
always steps ahead &amp ;  dont forget that	0
i can suck broke dick in ny for all that ladies ,  fly him out for a change .  dont miss…	1
in a house with 4 girls at least one person cries every day	0
she def has a stylist on the show tho . 	1
cmon france	1
ya gotta love tita	0
plug hit my phone 205  ,  b-ham play wya  ? 	0
that girl is dangerous	3
that girl is dangerous	5
srsly ?  ?  omg youre unique but kyun is very cute &amp ;  sometimes he looks like a lil devil too i thought changki would do it too	0
srsly ?  ?  omg youre unique but kyun is very cute &amp ;  sometimes he looks like a lil devil too i thought changki would do it too	3
mehn .  .  i dey with warriors but impressed with the cavs come back	0
happy fathers day baedaddies	0
something to hate	0
thanks	0
play me then	0
being loud early this morning	4
i got a list trust me	0
i was talking about england but dont worry im just kidding	0
never let you go	0
but fr just answered my phone in my sleep	2
but fr just answered my phone in my sleep	5
this anonymous dude seems reading my mind im scared	5
you can give me 5 hours to get ready but ill lie in bed for 4 hours and rush to get ready in the last hour	1
but is it real tho	3
but is it real tho	5
i should probably go too sleep	1
but i cant recommend it with coke	0
thank you	0
is it ? 	2
honey please take a second and tweet me i love you ,  you are my idol	1
cheeto puffs just got the best of me . 	2
cheeto puffs just got the best of me . 	4
ash and cal probably listen to sweatshirt everyday	0
cavs got this	0
i know its makes me so angry i tend to not watch if possible .  .  sick world we live in	1
lets go	0
i am a good girl	0
slick lmfao nice try though	0
havent touched it since the update	2
havent touched it since the update	4
thanks	1
lol not when youre zee nothing is ever enough when i fuck up and go on a binge i do it for at least a few weeks	1
im craving like shit	1
follow me x #tideuktour	0
lol i did that to myself b4 and went to school right after i was trippen where u work  ? 	1
thank you renee! have a great day!!	0
thank you renee! have a great day!!	0
ive actually been wanting to ask - would you consider sharing chords for make me cry ?  ive been dying to do a cover of it	0
not all of us do	1
welcome	0
fore sure they are	0
you know it	0
man people would try and play you like a fool like im suppose to be	0
bounce that shit like whoa	0
you sure	0
can this one be me  ? 	0
sure will .  i went with my club carolina offroad .  it was very windy .  we got sandblasted .  still fun!!	0
omg yes	0
ahh thanks the blonde in mine is natural and in summer it lightens naturally and i dont look good dark or with short	0
ahh thanks the blonde in mine is natural and in summer it lightens naturally and i dont look good dark or with short	1
its funny how ima go to riverside but i have no apparel i need to invest in some	0
its funny how ima go to riverside but i have no apparel i need to invest in some	1
i finally got my taco bell now it feel like i gotta throw up	1
vardy shows the first bit of passion in 81st minute! says it all .  half paced ,  no ideas and no bollocks when they pull the shirt on	2
namjoon and the apron	0
n &amp ;  my ! &lt ; &lt ;  goals	0
she didnt even get to finish her tour	1
henny me	0
wait i forgot i have lame friends	1
im about to lay down .  we have battery powered fans	0
ill be there	0
negotiations are coming .  .  .  im sad but theres that small hope it cud be reversed once that doesnt start	1
you ever just wanna kiss your boyfriend but dont have one	0
you ever just wanna kiss your boyfriend but dont have one	1
if amelia calls aniyas nipples ,  boobies one more time im gonna lose it	2
if amelia calls aniyas nipples ,  boobies one more time im gonna lose it	4
when yall call me red  ,  it be so cute to me lol	0
yeay .  that is right .  you can think ,  but dont overthink	0
i was thinking this last night	1
just got in the house my head hurting	1
theres a lot of talent in the second round	0
my sleep schedule is so off	1
i sort of miss the people i was closest to in eighth grade	1
i just need to decorate dis bihhhh	0
just finished episode 5 #orangeisthenewblack	1
but what about liv #shessofitman	1
i was laughing so hard all night tho	0
i was too . 	1
cant wait to get this check	0
17 days strong no grade .  feeling it now tho	1
summer league	0
there was a guy in the mirror too but he didnt see me lol	0
sad im missing tonight	1
i need to stop falling asleep on the couch	0
miss u im so happy for you bud	0
bored denna hoe	0
none at all	0
we are filming something today	0
passed in-n-out yesterday and didnt stop ,  im so disappointed in my self	1
lmfao that second one doe thats me fr	0
no one believes in love . 	0
yooo silk milk endorsing dj khaled  ,  he lit	1
the boys answered my question on the live stream	1
#twug please	0
well ,  im back on the run .  .  .  aint nothing new	2
well ,  im back on the run .  .  .  aint nothing new	4
me with greys anatomy thats all i watched for 2 months straight	0
me with greys anatomy thats all i watched for 2 months straight	1
bron got that death look	3
bron got that death look	5
yes!!!!!!!!! lets try to meet up! seats are first come first serve	0
again fucked up my advanced results pichli baar 19k rank tha  .  .  . iss baar 11k ke around aur accha aa sakta tha	1
 ,  get off that o	0
can you follow me please	0
add ya some blonde while youre at it	0
its my twitter &amp ;  i will tweet as i wish hope you get it	0
when all your teachers call you inattentive	0
i can still accept you .  just pm me "hi . " . 	0
so about that beer ? 	0
this sushi poppin . 	0
i underestimated sambal kicap tadi now im crying	1
when i wear booty shorts i be dumb thick	0
sterling as well	1
sterling as well	4
this dude speaks about all the exercise hes been doing and how much weight he lifts and i shot back with "where the results at"	0
thanks i will you too	0
#submeon would be a top prize	0
gold	0
they taking pictures while im tryna put my scarf on	1
they started dapping each other up and was like "hey! this is my daughter!" uhhhh ,  nice to meet you i guess ? 	1
i just took a good ass nap	1
that ball is literally un-defendable #euro2016	3
that ball is literally un-defendable #euro2016	5
my jello says "sugar free" but its sweet af	0
just for you	0
im about to get no play	0
im weak ima continue to pray ill be engaged soon	1
trust my stomach to start playing up just before i go away	1
my face when girls go to parties and take pictures with a pound of make up on their faces . 	1
when angry and saw the expression on her face that chubby cheeks chubby chubby x man he cute ht…	0
when angry and saw the expression on her face that chubby cheeks chubby chubby x man he cute ht…	0
so "in stock" is not really in stock ? ! i was one of the first to order but will be last to receive . 	2
i lowkey wanna go home for my birthday i miss my friends &amp ;  family .  but they want to have me trapped takin orders on that day	2
i lowkey wanna go home for my birthday i miss my friends &amp ;  family .  but they want to have me trapped takin orders on that day	4
you going to do your nails too ? 	3
you going to do your nails too ? 	5
michael ,  do you like nintendo ?  cuz "wii" would look good together .  follow me please bae ?  x6 , 556	0
nice try	0
hbogo updated and i hate it! now i cant skip the intro  .  .  .  .  why must ppl change things that dont have noooo issues it updated itself	2
finally my fucking otp liam &amp ;  annie! i legit did not see it coming when they first got together bc liam is the bad boy &amp ; -	0
lost a friend today because he has a maturity level of a 5 year old	0
grazie susy	0
idk how that guy ate breakfast ,  lunch ,  and dinner from mcdonalds for 30 days  .  . nobodys stomach deserves that brutality	4
not one to typically sunburn but when i do its bad	1
when you go to babysit and the parents ask you if you brought weed lmfaooo .  i forgot to spray perfume	1
need to hit the gym man	1
im your new bitch	2
u gotta read between the lines man .  if she not going ,  u arent either lmao	0
to turnt nen	0
i dont understand why yall calling lebron out his name #yallmad  ? 	0
awe thanks so much	0
after their anniversary ? ! aww nooo thanks for all ur pretty pics tho	1
i nap everywhere ! especially the train	1
watching "how high"	0
my love hes the person why im a got7 trash	0
my love hes the person why im a got7 trash	0
hahaha! no way! i plan to visit you and brian too! see you guys there!	0
i was looking off into space and no correlation	0
i cant stop listening end of the summer	0
thank you	0
im guessing it didnt turn you on	0
•stranger • we have never talked but i always see you tweeting about tyler posey •idk •9/10 •10…	0
ok now im thinking yall retweeting my pic to be messy .  when he dont have a twitter account though . 	0
machang match is hosted by pathana .  so the tickets are priced by ic .  . 	0
you are fucking hilarious:face_with_tears_of_joy: ,  you cool people	0
you are fucking hilarious:face_with_tears_of_joy: ,  you cool people	0
this bitch feel me	0
had dream i was chilling with stormzy	0
dating gwen stefani for a while ugh	2
dating gwen stefani for a while ugh	4
retweeting tweets from the past that deserve more likes	2
ima keep it up tho	0
my clients are late i didnt sleep for yalllllllll cmon now	2
my clients are late i didnt sleep for yalllllllll cmon now	4
rating for u bro .  .  sit back and relax on ur first day	0
fuuuuck that  ,  i rather have my car drive itself	1
see you!	0
happy birthday to 1/2 of the kentuckians i know have an amazing day , 	0
happy birthday to 1/2 of the kentuckians i know have an amazing day , 	0
good morning sweetie	0
i need to stop gettin smart with ppl lmao	1
shit is nasty	4
these fans will break they neck for a foul ball	0
no joke	0
stayed up all night deleting tweets why  ?  idek dont ask	0
#veranomtv2016 5 seconds of summer	0
very true xd i need to catch up soon haha i literally missed like 3 or 4 eps lol i watched 11&amp ; 12 on tv	0
i miss both of yall	1
no date or confirmation but stay tuned for a summer of great running products	0
court to get my ls back	0
i never let myself need anybody	0
catie taught me how to be courageous despite the trials and challenges we experience .  #mmkcourageouscatie	0
saw my future wife today .  said hi as i walked by and she didnt say anything back .  classic her	0
chapped lips is the devils best work by far	1
panics! crawls over to her and rubs her back .  " .  .  . m-miss .  .  .  ? "	5
i wouldve been so turned on he was being so protective id have to swallow that boy on the way home	0
i need a pool day	0
miss ofd so much	1
im such a baby ,  4 minutes into finding dory and im already tearing up	1
mannnn i shouldnt have took that 5 hour nap	1
im an entire family on my own bas marat b3mlo 7arakt and they dont deliver downtown	0
im an entire family on my own bas marat b3mlo 7arakt and they dont deliver downtown	1
cheatin on ya man but you can get it if you want it	0
for you to know what this mean	0
" special friend "	0
bet you sat on my quad they said it was mine .  .  i couldnt fit it in my luggage otherwise id have it with me now!	0
bet you sat on my quad they said it was mine .  .  i couldnt fit it in my luggage otherwise id have it with me now!	1
wow im dying .  i miss you!	0
why am i still up	1
u and ur sis r like twins ,  legit lmao .  ur so cute tho!!	0
hot dogs .  &amp ;  beans tho	0
pride later on today	0
having your cake and eating it ?  congratulations ,  you made asshole of the week! you think scotland isnt a country ? 	0
last day on the beach	1
thats a fact  ,  trump it is	0
look at your snap	0
omg you like them ? 	3
omg you like them ? 	5
done	0
aggravated af like im really mad	2
x u seem cool	0
too faced melted metal lipsticks are only $15 right now in sephora sg ,  gals .  and a lot more .  .  .  get your game on #gss	2
too faced melted metal lipsticks are only $15 right now in sephora sg ,  gals .  and a lot more .  .  .  get your game on #gss	5
i live in texas and i am here to say that it is horrible and hot and humid and a lot of people down south are racist	1
cant you be like straight up with me though ,  why do you need to avoid the situation ? 	1
can i ask what was freds reaction after this picture ? 	0
my last retweet is true shit	1
we could honestly become really good friends .  i can feel it .  youre incredibly gorgeous as well . 	0
ugh cant sleep paper kul 12 insyaaallah .  .  .  . 	1
yes maam	0
hey i love you ,  could leave my day more happy following me  ?  thank you for exist , love you very follow me pls ?  x6	0
i love these sags ene ba nramisha hlogo	1
that sucks sound like my luck to	0
that sucks sound like my luck to	1
so you have to make her pay ? ! literally ? !	0
how do you spell bonieks first name ?  hoping you know mr juventus	0
how do you spell bonieks first name ?  hoping you know mr juventus	0
i want some tacos rn	1
appreciate it zach levine	0
n o s p o i l e r s p l e a s e	1
definately	2
ready for the mission ? 	0
"you look young for your age" black dont crack	0
been so busy at work today never been so excited about a lunch break	1
baby ,  you one of a kind &amp ;  i love it . 	0
need new friends	1
soooo , i made japanese ciskek	0
oooh i totally agree with the pitch black part .  i need it to be extra dark	0
her foal opal is lying just behind her she looks like that one #equinehour	0
i feel terrible for sleeping my morning away ,  but i feel worse because you had wake up at 6am to go to work . 	1
thank you &amp ;  u 2	0
visiting the university of iowa tomorrow	0
deal	0
how dare you	2
how dare you	4
im still sexy ,  unnie . 	3
im still sexy ,  unnie . 	5
when baes getting turnt in sydney meanwhile im getting murderered by customers in carindale	2
when baes getting turnt in sydney meanwhile im getting murderered by customers in carindale	4
your fried if you tryna play like me nigga im in football	0
that bitch voice is annoying	0
11:11 the cute work guy	0
thank you so much!	0
has he hopped in the dms ? 	0
glad you know wassup	0
i will not stop you .  lets hope he comes out smooth this time too since christian ya know ,  widened you too much	4
lebron still a bihh #nbafinals #gswvscavs	1
omg!!! #brazil loves you welcome back	0
yes i did judes	0
i wouldnt ,  i love him so much	0
havent felt this way in a while	1
damm when i was with jerry i remember everything but i was chillen hard what was i doing	0
damm when i was with jerry i remember everything but i was chillen hard what was i doing	0
awe bby  .  . 	1
you definitely will keep going and working hard like always	0
duhh hoee i know you	0
i dont have it on this phone but its on facebook	1
im gonna miss walking into school 35 minutes late and hearing "hey haleigh belt"	1
leave it up to god ,  and things will always work out	0
boris got the same look on his face making his victory speech as theon greyjoy did when he accidentally murdered both his brothers ?  #got	3
boris got the same look on his face making his victory speech as theon greyjoy did when he accidentally murdered both his brothers ?  #got	5
about to disconnect the wifi .  if i cant use it ,  no one can . 	4
pretty	0
yes everything is going good .  how are you ?  i was showing my mom your pictures on ig the other in australia!	0
| heey anaya .  i see yu n tyler doing good	0
when you goin off 2 &amp ;  1/2 hrs of sleep cuz u stayed up watching #oitnb	1
when i spend less than 50 in harmon i know ive mastered self control	0
all my "girl friends" hangout without me . 	0
lmaoooo her hair stiff af too	0
lucky you tbh	0
from mr . obhodro to dev dixit has come a long &amp ;  are so perfect for #devakshi #kuchran…	0
from mr . obhodro to dev dixit has come a long &amp ;  are so perfect for #devakshi #kuchran…	0
from mr . obhodro to dev dixit has come a long &amp ;  are so perfect for #devakshi #kuchran…	0
like looking at his snapchat isnt hard enough	3
like looking at his snapchat isnt hard enough	5
bath bomb lush	0
shout out to my savage coaches! yall the best	2
im so tempted to order dominos	1
lil boy dont play wid me	2
lil boy dont play wid me	4
first shift down now aka finally a break	2
looks like i have another fave ot3 bless you rui	0
i hate planes .  and sarah is on one rn .  and im so scared .  i literally prayed for her and her family omg i need to ch…	1
monster kor .  ver thank you for this ga n wish me luck .  .  . 	0
i gotta get ready for work	1
yes!! i need to meet him	1
stomach hurts	1
hey babe can you follow me plz  ?  itd mean the world to me ily ×39	0
its funny .  i ,  along with my belgian congolese ,  sri lankan and nigerian workmates all voted leave	0
hey! today is my birthday &amp ;  itd be awesome to get a happy birthday from you! thanks!	0
i miss you	1
got a man in my life that cant be replaced  .  .  . 	0
"the chief executive officer is unhappy with the progress youve made . " "well redouble our efforts! it will be ready on schedule!"	2
"the chief executive officer is unhappy with the progress youve made . " "well redouble our efforts! it will be ready on schedule!"	3
"the chief executive officer is unhappy with the progress youve made . " "well redouble our efforts! it will be ready on schedule!"	5
never leave your man in the box ffs	2
never leave your man in the box ffs	4
really should get tickets for festival of speed .  kick myself every year	1
uhhh ,  how cozy ? 	0
is that new country the one where young white males require only absolute perfection from female prez candidates ? 	0
you tweakin bro	1
waiting on baby to bring me food	0
thank you! love ya	0
i want to go to hawaii ive never been	1
nope .  .  and yea id probably be down	0
this knock knock flick	3
i cracked my screen	1
its like yall all in on it or something . 	2
its like yall all in on it or something . 	4
you my brother pussy you know how we rocking 150 dream team headass	0
i dont know if this can use as legal evidence in court .  if you two exchange messages ,  you can use that . 	0
clouds are always perfectly safe and secure ,  so yeah ,  of course	0
congratulations nigga ,  you just played yourself!	0
my dog ate a whole stick of butter .  .  .  this will be a very interesting night	1
thanks	0
#3daystorustomtrailer dying for rustom trailer rustom woulb be an epic	0
when you remember you have hot fries in the cupboard	0
when did the azcentral comments section integrate with twitter ?  these are some hot takes	2
when did the azcentral comments section integrate with twitter ?  these are some hot takes	5
burnt as hell after day one at the beach	1
burnt as hell after day one at the beach	4
how 3 people go to &amp ;  the price come up to 94 . 15 ? 	5
youre so pretty	0
try and by-pass all the horrible toilet discussion that went on forever!	1
im a sucka for nasty head	1
we gon cry together	0
i dont know how i didntbsee this but	1
being a big girl &amp ;  getting this tattoo	0
excited to see that	4
bitches be 7 feet 9 talkin bout they fun sized where  ?  maybe if u into mountain climbing	0
bitches be 7 feet 9 talkin bout they fun sized where  ?  maybe if u into mountain climbing	3
bitches be 7 feet 9 talkin bout they fun sized where  ?  maybe if u into mountain climbing	5
can u give me "joyride" chords ?  i cant found it on my google	1
watching the bet awards with my baby	0
soon as you wake ,  baby ride on me ,  thats yo breakfast	0
i want to drink tonight !	1
exactly finally someone who isnt brainwashed by them	2
exactly finally someone who isnt brainwashed by them	4
just enjoy life	0
cute	0
ik i didnt eat it .  .  couldve had chilis lol	1
pug tried getting out of bed and fell	1
gives you a cookie and you proceed to snipe him smfh	4
everyones retweeting themselves	0
like i could go out every weekend or i can smoke ,  sleep ,  eat &amp ;  repeat . 	0
translate stoko sa winter in english stock whats stoko in english ? "	2
translate stoko sa winter in english stock whats stoko in english ? "	4
i love giving hicheys	0
omg bless you hun ,  better hides those from you know who lol	0
thanks girlfriend	0
being back in school meant im either school ,  listening to music ,  eating ,  studying or sleeping .  i can only multitask 3 things together so	1
being back in school meant im either school ,  listening to music ,  eating ,  studying or sleeping .  i can only multitask 3 things together so	4
watching the game for the first time this whole series	1
french braids!	1
bitches decline a niggas proposal but still get jealous when he talks to other females let that nigga be!!	1
whats that song called when they be like aye  ?  im really doing the dance	0
i know nothing	0
whenever .  .  do it!!	0
train .  .  .  train .  .  .  count them ,  one ,  two ,  3 .  .  .  .  -one of the middle school girls she got so happy .  .  .  . 	0
ive been at work since 8 am  .  .  . dont mind me	0
tribe game saturday and watch party for game 7 sunday its going to be a great weekend!	0
haha its nothing serious im sure shell be fine	0
alex woke me up and said he had a surprise for me and it was pizza lol	0
movie date was good	0
i wish twitter aint let goofy shit me oh my lord its so goofied out	1
the hoes that be all under a bitch picture but fucking with your nigga really kill me	2
the hoes that be all under a bitch picture but fucking with your nigga really kill me	4
youre so pretty	0
ok shiii	0
i enjoy hanging out in the chill buildings at unlv so quiet and cold ,  i dig . 	0
worse still shes a spud	1
thankyou eonnie im happy lol	0
grana ,  evay and valentrina are the shit	0
i aint dead yet ,  i must be doing something right plus  ,  yall wont let anything happen to	0
i aint dead yet ,  i must be doing something right plus  ,  yall wont let anything happen to	0
had the best night	0
i for sure want to get tatted but idk what nor where	1
aawww ya5i ive really missed you extra this time ,  ive been miserable .  okay ,  well we will see but please try to finish ? 	0
aawww ya5i ive really missed you extra this time ,  ive been miserable .  okay ,  well we will see but please try to finish ? 	0
shopping with my babys grandmother next friday	0
im beyond tired  . 	1
omg i need that in my life now!!!	0
lol ive also seen how divorces dont happen when balance of power in the relationship changes - not personal experience either	0
-your quince -your hair -your style -anthony -eating lunch w/ you every day last year -your hoco pro…	0
stop being mean!	0
so afraid that the past will creep up on me again hope it stays there	1
better learn to charge shit to the game	0
good luck next time	0
managed 10k at lunch and got soaked and ruined my training trainers	1
it would help if i posted the picture	0
poor thing ,  she has to deal with u	1
with you partynextdoor	0
nobody yet told me who supposed to be on the list	0
dont think ive ever experienced service as bad as zara in brighton	3
dont think ive ever experienced service as bad as zara in brighton	5
i luv everything about you	0
my snapchat got locked	1
im back! wheres harry ? 	0
the biggest problem is how gaa development finances are divided amongst counties imo	2
the biggest problem is how gaa development finances are divided amongst counties imo	4
im gonna miss	1
i saw that shit	0
ugh i need to speed this process up	1
good night dear thank you so much	0
im not emotionally prepared for this summer to be over so time needs to slow down	0
i wanna smoke . 	0
lmaoooo dont tell me bey dun really went home!	0
i wouldnt want to go in there either	1
embarrassing your coworkers huh ? 	0
i like the idea	0
i want real onesss	1
people daily fail to realize that i dont care	0
ignore me and i might just kill you js	0
i havent taken any cute summer pictures	0
so much to do today but cant stop watching	3
so much to do today but cant stop watching	5
just until my birthday over	0
i need someone who going to motivate me	0
same or one is more arched than the other so i just look permanently sceptical	0
you work hard day and night only and only for us #truereligionhumanity	0
you work hard day and night only and only for us #truereligionhumanity	0
sometimes when you dont know how to end the conversation gotta convert to that method	0
sorryyyyyy	1
what a finale .  but a year long wait	1
uhmmmmmm guys ?  can you do that privately like youre getting spg na already helloooo okay lang kamooooooo	2
uhmmmmmm guys ?  can you do that privately like youre getting spg na already helloooo okay lang kamooooooo	4
whos next purging on yall stanking ass	2
anyone elses sleep schedule insanely fucked up ? 	0
wait this whole time you wasnt following me back  ?  i flung bitches out the school bathroom for you	0
wait this whole time you wasnt following me back  ?  i flung bitches out the school bathroom for you	1
fake son but i know you miss me cause i do	0
fake son but i know you miss me cause i do	1
happy birthday to you! and im trying to get on his good side for a follow	0
things will get better	0
thank you you too!	0
good afternoon	0
youre welcome	0
and ewan doman #engwal	0
i am! and so you are!!!!!:red_heart:️ thankyou mahal #aldubforthelove	0
no problem	0
jlo seriously has the best abs	0
yeah got to be on the major lookout its just like when the hurraches first started to come back out	1
so how is everyone doing today ? 	0
i hate spiders soo much! biggest fear ever	1
guess im up now since they wanna argue loud asf	4
missy oh its on jonas	0
happy birthday to me very thankful	0
happy father days claud	0
thats pants hun hope youre ok	1
also i saved my dog from being bit by that snake .  someone tell me im brave	0
well thats what everyone is saying haha idk anything about whats going on with graduation &amp ;  idk  . _ . 	0
sorry muriel ignore my last post i got the wrong end of the stick .  ill try harder in future	0
point ane ma bht time ha	1
#blackboysbreaktheinternet yall dudes handsome! i see yall!! keep this hashtag going!!	0
practicing those dance moves for this summer	0
please tweet my friend and make him feel better! he had a rough day	1
cause you trynna play with me	1
its only wales!! we are england our princess our castles &amp ;  is a cock!! 3-0 no problem	0
i love you	0
how am i not tired ,  im probably gonna ko around 3 or something	0
its cool  ,  im still up there	0
agreed . 	2
agreed . 	4
enjoy first week while it lasts	1
right sis  ,  shoot weve been w|them from the get	0
general academic is so difficult	1
i wanna go to the pride to see all the gay boys	0
yall better take it a bit easy this weekend then so you can see next week	0
i miss my baby	1
im really about to tweet the crazy ass quotes ive heard .  stg i could have a comedy special just wait on it	0
five more hours of this car ride ,  so ready to be home	1
watched the finale and it felt good .  get it ?  #gameofthrones	0
the biggest one yet	0
i would fucking go crazy if i loose my even though we never get along thats still my baby:raised_fist_medium_skin_tone::red_heart:️ through everything!	2
i would fucking go crazy if i loose my even though we never get along thats still my baby:raised_fist_medium_skin_tone::red_heart:️ through everything!	4
soooo youre hosting again right ? 	0
i need more friends:face_with_tears_of_joy::thinking_face: .  .  .  someone slide in my dms	0
i need more friends:face_with_tears_of_joy::thinking_face: .  .  .  someone slide in my dms	0
always	0
well at least im not £200k down!	0
everyday	0
i miss you too	1
i realized that now we can retweet our own tweets	0
i was begging you please ,  dont go	1
dont tell this beauty to go to sleep thats all you janay	0
dont tell this beauty to go to sleep thats all you janay	2
thank you !	0
everytime i criticise anyone its cos i have an agenda apparently sometimes players/managers are just	0
filming youtube video today	0
when you can type up an essay a night before its due in one hour and 30 minutes	0
wtf did i just watch	1
stay lowkey	0
you playin too many games	0
i laugh at females who cant eat around guys	0
foh you a young ass boy nigga	0
li fred ah crazy ass lit dude	0
baekhyun went up the stage with a mini electronic fan and fanned the standing fans too (nekohun_412)	0
theres so many fake ppl in the world ,  why cant yall just keep it 1000 .  .  .  .  i hate phony ppl	2
theres so many fake ppl in the world ,  why cant yall just keep it 1000 .  .  .  .  i hate phony ppl	4
i wanna watch finding dory	1
y u arguing i have my own opinion	0
thank you sophie	0
trying to help him the best i can	1
i run bc if i take the dick im b loud asf so im not trying to have everyone &amp ; &amp ;  they momma hear me moaning	0
i wasnt talking about nasty sex things im still a damn virgin	0
i wasnt talking about nasty sex things im still a damn virgin	5
thats how he be for real	1
the realest queen (yiee no mistress allowed wup dt	0
the realest queen (yiee no mistress allowed wup dt	0
god please make this world better	1
your defiantly keeping it classic	0
damn ive low key been listening to this die antwoord mixtape for weeks it is too groovy	3
damn ive low key been listening to this die antwoord mixtape for weeks it is too groovy	5
i cant stand for a long period of time without my feet killing me idk how im going to survive work today . 	1
i cant stand for a long period of time without my feet killing me idk how im going to survive work today . 	1
im going to hell .  . 	0
no jokes here bruv	1
shall head back home for a while and get the back support .  .  feeling fragile right now .  . 	4
fing hilarious	0
almost cried reading this	1
used to low key copy your hair and have your jar of hearts cover on an endless loop ,  #ripchristina	1
you stated last night we were created on purpose and for a purpose .  .  .  .  .  i wish i knew why	1
happy no school today but i still have errands to run	1
im so irritated	2
im so irritated	4
i am so tired ohmygooooosh	1
tae is a rapper and jemen is good looking then lepmoster killed me ,  so cute lil bro u have wish i have one	0
tae is a rapper and jemen is good looking then lepmoster killed me ,  so cute lil bro u have wish i have one	0
tae is a rapper and jemen is good looking then lepmoster killed me ,  so cute lil bro u have wish i have one	0
haha i guess i just get scared easily when it comes to movies based on real life events	0
hello i still exist	0
doctors note got ,  i just told them all about ef	0
hahaha thanks chickadee	0
hes one of a kind	0
silent shooting and the lens ring is medal and allows af point use with the nicer a-mount lens line .  .  .  and the af alone	1
if she respond to that dm then you fucked up	0
joe hart is testing my patience	1
cant wait to get this tattoo	1
oooooh fuck ty	0
oooooh fuck ty	0
lol you b .  .  . they bacon good af!	0
need it to be scorching hot in ny already	1
thanks baby tristen	0
funny that the heavier food i took for sahur ,  the faster i get hungry	0
my favorite thing in the world is talking to belly and having her baby move i cannot wait to meet her!	0
really bad back pain	1
yo look at my header he always make that face yo	0
if you want to give me a present for my birthday  ,  buy my hardsummer ticket	0
thanks	0
i miss you too pretty girl	0
2 days till i leave the chi wssp with the moves	2
shooting after almost a year  .  .  feeling loved and blessed best of both worlds	0
really ?  ?  broo i dont remember anything up till this day i just hope fernando didnt see me	1
my favorite thing to do when i get home from work is removing my bra	1
went to an angels game today &amp ;  got to see flo rida perform live all for $6	0
lets see how many gain tweet accs their own gain tweets . 	0
and i look for to talking with you on next weeks #filmtalk .  we might do it twice a week during the summer . 	0
i dont remember how i got home last night	0
wonwoooooooo but he still cute tho damn that jawline	0
wonwoooooooo but he still cute tho damn that jawline	0
out this summer with squad	0
does your girlfriend know that you have a baby thats almost 6 months and you have yet to meet her ? 	0
i feel this spiritually in my soul its so hard to stop	1
life over	1
my timeline full with top opps	0
i loveeee jashawn bc he never hesitates to flame me	0
whats been up slim timmy	0
thankyou bebe	0
why am i listening to turnt songs right now i need to be sleep	0
omg just realized my cousin is gonna be a junior in high school she was like an 8th grader yesterday wth	3
omg just realized my cousin is gonna be a junior in high school she was like an 8th grader yesterday wth	5
dont ever disrespect me again	4
i dont have a dad	1
err i should not be thinking bout these things but srsly .  nakakatakot and ang sakit nung nangyari kay shine .  made me think deeper into it	3
i cant either .  i miss you too	0
i used to love luke hemmings	0
nooooooo not you too	1
my eyes .  . 	3
my client lives on a beautiful 90 acre property .  absolutely breathtaking .  .  .  .  creeks ,  waterfalls ,  trees .  .  .  .  . 	0
like god bless your dna	0
lol yes please!	0
lets tell daddy how you diking	0
thank youuuu bbth!! stay strong din	0
were about to fuck finding dory up	0
i wish i knew how to do my own sew ins	3
i wish i knew how to do my own sew ins	5
why did i get married wild as hell lol smh let yo girl watch this she start tellin u bout the 80/20 thing	0
my stomach is hurting and all i can think about is the 7 hours i still have left . 	1
i miss you too	1
i checked it online too! whats baku ?  wheres baku ? 	0
when a nigga really could be daddy but he leaving to college	1
maaaannn i aint even been talking to dude .  he have his moments .  but yea ,  that is where it come…	0
legs killing me	1
does berliner have food trucks ?  cause no matter what i need some bourbon chicken friday	0
my toe swollen	1
great day	0
happy birthday lupe best wishes	0
i want blue sushi	0
no yall are stupid bitches for letting me go to sleep yesterday fuck yall	1
my friends leaving	1
you call this music ?  oh my god what the hell is this!	3
you call this music ?  oh my god what the hell is this!	5
remember that story you told me that happened at your house stop lying	0
lol that shit so funny bro	0
peaceful	0
i either eat rice pasta or mash potatoes almost every day	1
graduation today	0
morning all ,  just jumped in the car ,  off to #plymouth today	0
yummy yummy	0
i get half days on fridays now so good	0
aw my bfff working im so proud	0
hi chris i love you soo much , can you please follow me ?  italy loves you! #showlove x1	0
no but we all love faz	0
#tsmwin biofrost my baby!!!! wooooooo!!!! intense game!!!	0
#tsmwin biofrost my baby!!!! wooooooo!!!! intense game!!!	1
i feel bad for matt but everyone has to start somewhere .  watch 100t be one of the best in the future lol . 	0
i feel fucking terrible	1
just wait .  .  . its about that time	4
got the brother hook on to grays hes literally starting from episode 1 smh	0
good morning to you!	0
i blame you for my addiction to best fiends its a good game but frustrating at the same time	2
technically i didnt graduate yet	0
im the only one up &amp ;  i just heard someone knock &amp ;  no one was there	3
im the only one up &amp ;  i just heard someone knock &amp ;  no one was there	5
these are awesome	0
me too ,  so sad	1
so i lost a ring of keys going on 3 days now .  . 	1
- evil - not really tho ha ha - el salvi - conceited - does ur dick work ?  - military - heart almost as big as mine	1
finally got my trains	0
im still here	0
yeah thats usually implied .  unfortunately work &amp ;  fun dont go together	0
hollywood ass nigga	3
wtff aku baru search pasal dia omg wtf shes a pornographic artist omg	0
girl!!!!!!!!!! grabe talaga tas one chapter left to be released	1
this one cute too though	0
that song is never an accident	0
couldnt care less about whats happening with the country .  .  .  i just dont want holidays to get more expensive	1
thanks skud	0
sleep paralysis is no joke	3
rains almost everyday in the summer at tampa depressing	1
but otherwise i had a pimps night out .  .  .  still trynna figure out why girls just come at you so much once you get a girl!!	1
take me with you cole i want to go on a road trip	1
feeling sorry for all the manheim seniors!	1
nope haha ,  i only check the website lol ,  it was the official ps store	0
kinda miss review days i miss you guys	1
kinda miss review days i miss you guys	1
rewind repeat it will forever be a cry worthy song for me	1
she still wears her hair in a big ass bun	0
writing really helped me with a lot my shit be deep to	0
im the b . a . w . s . e	0
i cant stand you text me on your break then	0
finally saw finding dory my life is complete	0
i love you miky thank you! hang soon ? !	0
you must be a parking ticket coz you got fine written all over you #hittingonthebae happy wednesday beautiful	0
you must be a parking ticket coz you got fine written all over you #hittingonthebae happy wednesday beautiful	0
you must be a parking ticket coz you got fine written all over you #hittingonthebae happy wednesday beautiful	0
you must be a parking ticket coz you got fine written all over you #hittingonthebae happy wednesday beautiful	0
you must be a parking ticket coz you got fine written all over you #hittingonthebae happy wednesday beautiful	0
i didnt see that	4
hey guys! add me on snap eloisa1898 see yah!	0
hey guys! add me on snap eloisa1898 see yah!	0
cardio after u eat is never a good idea . 	4
cool! keep up the good work	0
happy birthday you nutter	0
i went on a hunt one day ,  plus ordered pharah from the blizzard store	0
check your snap	2
check your snap	4
w the coco	0
couple like ysaiah and althea	0
omg its so hot .  i am going to die . 	3
omg its so hot .  i am going to die . 	5
my lips be soooo sexy with lipgloss on	0
yall cute	0
i be talking to people on twitter like we go way back my followers my dawg	1
girl ,  same!!!	1
fuck the nba	1
dont get me wrong he still hot asf	0
sometimes i enjoy work  .  .  .  .  sometimes i just wanna go awol .  .  .  . 	1
lols that was a good one kee  ?  i like that sound mf lmao	1
oh fr ?  it was where the ppl coming from hi were exiting at .  and hella ppl came to watch	0
yes i am	4
french maid definitely!	0
when he looks you in the eyes and tells you that he loves you &amp ;  promises hed never do anything to hurt you	0
we definitely chillin later on today im falling asleep right now so ill hit u up when i wake up	0
someone dm me	0
im so hungry i have not ate since 9:30	1
this ugly ass hermit crab making all this noise	2
this ugly ass hermit crab making all this noise	4
my sons climbing things and trying to take steps all on his own ,  go bae ,  go!	0
my sons climbing things and trying to take steps all on his own ,  go bae ,  go!	1
my sons climbing things and trying to take steps all on his own ,  go bae ,  go!	1
at least were responsible	0
youre a babe  .  .  . 	5
woahh	0
i know .  i think you’re the only one ,  mind . 	0
i be so hurt when somebody doesnt reply to my messages	1
same we have so much to talk about	1
i hate when im playing 2k and somebody talking shit like nigga you got ya sliders up tf	0
goodluck	0
bitches are so nosey keeping up with me  .  continue to get your heart broken imma shit on you every time you do your check up	0
woody	1
kanye west or marc anthony ? 	1
2 more hrs like i really played myself last night	1
yall wanna judge me cause i love my body &amp ;  i wanna show it ?   .  .  .  .  lol ok ! i really dont as long as i love my self  . 	2
yall wanna judge me cause i love my body &amp ;  i wanna show it ?   .  .  .  .  lol ok ! i really dont as long as i love my self  . 	0
not possible	1
havent saw kaya &amp ;  dedee in about a week	1
i know .  .  . wishful thinking dream author guest list	0
no touchy  ,  touchy why not  ,  why not . 	0
 ,  once i unsave ya number is a rap you dead to me but ian gonna delete shit just in case you try to flex i got proof	0
i gave up on here w/ it cause diggs da only one who was supporting da shit	1
tied game lessgo cavs #allin216	2
obama just smacked donald to the curb at same time did! talk about doubling down!!	0
im so tired but i have rehearsal all weekend	1
yeah ive seen the fb groups .  .  . highly depressing and negative tend to avoid fb politics .  twitter much more positive for	1
thank you .  hope your well . 	0
i cant sleep	1
retail therapy	0
me &amp ;  took some ls lately	1
i cant stand a male thats too soft .  and you gotta be real to deal with me	0
i planted too much sugarcane	0
ard bro u drawlin we all know u nice and it wasnt ya fault the bull from dobbins scored it was hosea fault	1
she dies .  i dont wanna watch it anymore	1
nope	0
yes you do! are house is always open	0
in that case ok lol at least i get to see you in person	0
im here!	0
duhrizz in the house! #aldubxdrewga	0
i really want to watch finding dory	1
really wish oomf would act right ,  were perfect for each other	1
thanks boo	0
my pap is wayyyyyy too savage sometimes	0
why is nearest tgis to lincoln all way in nottingham	1
can someone explain #secondchance to me please ?  ?  so confused	3
can someone explain #secondchance to me please ?  ?  so confused	5
sigh .  .  .  unsubscribing from all my favorites stores	1
its way past dead lol .  dont even cross my mind anymore .  hbu ? 	2
its way past dead lol .  dont even cross my mind anymore .  hbu ? 	5
robin jeans or switch to i dont know im so confused	0
i run my bath water tooo hot	0
wah .  sadly nowadays people are finding reasons to go against each other . 	1
wah .  sadly nowadays people are finding reasons to go against each other . 	4
awwwww! poor tim!	0
i know beb	0
u already kno im on my white ppl shit	2
u already kno im on my white ppl shit	1
long as i aint 1 to everybody	0
ill need to have a discussion with our team	0
tell them again summer 16 they aint ready for us	0
have u done the assignment tho	1
i feel naked without any clothes on	2
i feel naked without any clothes on	4
this whole taking 4 classes in the fall is not cool bruh!!	2
this whole taking 4 classes in the fall is not cool bruh!!	4
man i love my friends like fr fr fr	1
today is just one of those days	1
be ready to snap this mf neck in pieces	0
// im so done	0
and ive got my tax and mot coming up	1
i really did think i was gonna get far with that knife and the only reason why it didnt work was because he was taller than me	2
i really did think i was gonna get far with that knife and the only reason why it didnt work was because he was taller than me	4
i could hear it! dame street was empty though	0
debating on if i should leave luca or not	1
smart choice	0
a7 pickles! i sound like snooki! #foodtravelchat	0
miss u too meli	0
no matter how tired i am ,  i wont fall asleep till oomf falls asleep	0
france is such a beautiful place &amp ;  these football fans have ruined it #euro2016	2
france is such a beautiful place &amp ;  these football fans have ruined it #euro2016	4
yo booty fat now hopefully your wallet is just as fat	0
but hes still the biggest piece of shit on earth even used a taylor lookalike cus hes obsessed with tay more than we do	0
really want a kylie and kendall bikini	3
those were always the best haha thank you!	0
good to meet u too	0
thank you and alright ill let you know	0
bruh im in 7th heaven	0
lash mein apne bio likh sakti followed by i really miss ur follow back	1
lash mein apne bio likh sakti followed by i really miss ur follow back	1
have the worst headache and dont want to work for 8 hrs	1
sad and sad	1
thats my baby 5evaaaa	0
when i get up to get a pop and my mom thinks i snuck out	2
when i get up to get a pop and my mom thinks i snuck out	4
niggas gettin internet famous now by puttin on wigs &amp ;  trynna be funny "women"  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  yall niggas gay	0
love this guys! nice pic	0
girl youre in brazil ,  take me with you	1
i be doing the same shit elizabeth do thats fun stuff yall b boring	1
well you probably enjoyed it when they threw you outta the bar in bg that one night	0
according to your votes ,  most of you figure dio is my ultimate trash husband .  rohan got second ,  and diavolo got last . 	2
nope .  im getting overground all the way there im afraid going through south london	3
nope .  im getting overground all the way there im afraid going through south london	5
ikennat	1
i just found someone who hates	2
i just found someone who hates	4
7th till the 17th!	0
studying . 	1
bro you gotta down ass girlfriend  ,  that you can do that with rn	1
mera breakup hogya bestie #strikepejao *suddenly bf calls* boy:lets forget everything and be together again . …	1
like im afraid it really hurt my gums	3
ive seen it though	1
its that extra hot with extra sauce hotpot	1
thank youuu . 	0
i was stood next to when you were talking to him earlier .  welsh but live over the boarder these day	0
cant wait to get my teeth cleaned and whiten	0
im not even declining calls ,  my phone just on dnd	0
take yo shit off private	0
mmm yall keep posting pics of yalls hot ass dads ,  happy fathers day to them	0
- dont like this emoji - makes me uncomfortable - how i used to draw happy faces	0
trace music star annoying .  no 1 takes home 1 . 5m and no 2 takes 100 , 000/- only .  too bad but its their business	2
omg omg omg omg thank you talaga	0
whenever kendra takes a shot she hisses	0
i be wanting so much but hate spending my own money	1
fried eggs .  im a 32e	1
maybe it is	0
who you know dropping the mercedes cla amg at 22	0
very much expected from to reply like that	0
i missed you today	1
i pride myself in taking care of my kid but its really people who feel like that me having a child makes me less valuable as a suitor	3
i pride myself in taking care of my kid but its really people who feel like that me having a child makes me less valuable as a suitor	5
shes my lil cuddlebug .  makes me flashback to chillin with her daddy watchin movies .  these are my favorite times!	0
shes my lil cuddlebug .  makes me flashback to chillin with her daddy watchin movies .  these are my favorite times!	0
im stiff .  cordial ,  but stiff . 	0
but it hasnt .  hater	0
netflix &amp ;  sleep	0
i knew it	0
what exactly am i missing out on besides the possibility of getting killed in my sleep ? 	1
im lowkey hilarious like my jokes be too funny idc	0
be accurate when you compare me	0
first bite cam  ,  eww!!!	3
first bite cam  ,  eww!!!	5
farewell drinks on thursday and everyone wants me to do their makeup feel so honoured	0
u know them ones	0
box braids is do something to me	0
nothing stays secret forever	0
someone just snapped me and said my boobs too big	1
one thing i never want to see in my entire life is a roach flying	1
got damn	0
we have something to be nostalgic about though its a fab place! but yeah grass is always greener def comes into play	0
morning have a good day	0
sorry!	0
hehe .  .  baba ki kitna ghai hai aww #rahul u r super cute .  .  confused face #ykagh #ravi	0
hehe .  .  baba ki kitna ghai hai aww #rahul u r super cute .  .  confused face #ykagh #ravi	0
hello were have you been sir brad	0
lmao whats wrong with juarez  ?  they do a really good job	0
doing what i want cuz im poppin	0
i wanna be bood up rn	1
horror movies and drinks dont mix very well	3
horror movies and drinks dont mix very well	5
wow that sucks	0
damn i miss puerto rico like crazy	1
i swear sports are rigged	2
lol just dont be screamin all extra loud and we gucci	0
wat they dont get is i dont need no nigga see u &amp ;  person &amp ;  act like i dont kno niggas	0
my boy darko gonna be mad he missed it	0
- i honestly dont know you	2
- i honestly dont know you	5
damn 1 more week and well have been together for a year already	5
yall how they gonna bring the gatti truck on campus and not expect me to try to buy a pizza then tell me its only for the freshmen	0
yupp ,  its exactly coming in on wed! i feel annoyed having to level up my new profile	1
tylen starting to talk a lot	3
tylen starting to talk a lot	5
watching the weirdest film i found in the dark depths of netflix	0
shut up thats my jr . 	0
irritated by everything and everyone	4
oh ,  its 10-13 .  .  .  my bad his gi graph would indeed be interesting .  its not even on ligainsider anymore	1
great have plans tonight and my body decides to flare up .  hope i can keep the symptoms down .  #lupus #eds #ehlersdanlossyndrome	2
great have plans tonight and my body decides to flare up .  hope i can keep the symptoms down .  #lupus #eds #ehlersdanlossyndrome	2
great have plans tonight and my body decides to flare up .  hope i can keep the symptoms down .  #lupus #eds #ehlersdanlossyndrome	5
who kamehamehas the earth ?  ? 	0
zulu and swati women are sooooo beautiful .  #random	0
as you should	0
thanks maddy prom was fun	0
blessed wit a job and a working car shiit	0
the who ? 	0
he would hang himself if they took an l tonight	0
i jus saved my life i was suffocating in my sleep	0
you a fool	0
i just wanna get dressed up and go on a date	0
aww i love you too little ugly girl	0
aww i love you too little ugly girl	0
im mad bc i cant have another dog	4
most of ya girls like ya niggas pants below the waist	4
hopefully i can get more shifts at macys like i havent been able to get any for a while ,  well in the morning	1
hopefully i can get more shifts at macys like i havent been able to get any for a while ,  well in the morning	5
need someone to come w me to party in peace next month	1
getting my hair done next month .  so excited .  havent had it done since last year	0
any of my kent state followed doing kupita ?  i am #kentstate2020	0
when you was suppose to be to work at 3 but you not going in yet cause you tired of all them they better put some repeck on my name	0
when you was suppose to be to work at 3 but you not going in yet cause you tired of all them they better put some repeck on my name	0
 . @atheist_eh / silly heathen children  .  .  in the bibles and the quran it tells the followers to kill the heathen . i think kids got it right	0
finally in bed:face_with_steam_from_nose: .  .  .  now i eat	0
finally in bed:face_with_steam_from_nose: .  .  .  now i eat	4
still havent been to the beach yet this summer	2
still havent been to the beach yet this summer	4
me only .  coffee ? 	0
- your pretty  ,  i think were like the same size  ?  but i miss you  ,  its been a while since we havent talked	0
- your pretty  ,  i think were like the same size  ?  but i miss you  ,  its been a while since we havent talked	0
better than never	0
they just dont see themselves ,  do they ? 	0
its possible	1
work tomorrow morning	2
work tomorrow morning	5
same here! id been looking forward to it for ages!	0
i hate it when i see is so sad issa everything will be alright:disappointed_face::thumbs_up_light_skin_tone::red_heart:️	1
i should try to sleep for a little before i gotta get ready	1
my hayfever is so bad right now	1
i wanna go on a date	0
um no .  its too early to talk	1
thank you!	0
someone tweeted me the idea for sarahnades and i feel so bad bc i cant remember who it was	0
if you got crusty feet im think you dont bathe then thatd going lead me to fact your crusty .  . 	0
so cute but i bet shes terrible at driving	2
so cute but i bet shes terrible at driving	4
no im not &amp ;  you know im not but can you just text bck folks be watching my twitter &amp ;  you knw tht	2
no im not &amp ;  you know im not but can you just text bck folks be watching my twitter &amp ;  you knw tht	4
aww hb hubby!!	0
how is my hay fever playing up in bed	0
lines to the cashier are so much looonger #americanpies	2
somedays you eat a bowl of fruit for breakfast &amp ;  somedays you eat two packages of chocolate fudge poptarts .  . 	0
think im going to bed kinda early tonight	1
i want frozen yogurt ,  i want a drank ,  i wanna sit outside ,  i wanna do this i wanna do that	1
you cute	0
lastnight tho . 	0
aww charlie asking for jason back!! #bbuk	1
shouldnt have enjoyed it as much as i did but cant say the same if there were actual flames lol	0
time is just dragging and i didnt have much sleep ugh	1
made a different account starting fresh	0
made a different account starting fresh	0
lmfao she literally changed the subject bc she knew i was right so	0
when you hear a supra in a garage	0
youre supporting #eng tonight .  right ?  ? 	0
i was so off today but shitttt i know how to ball	0
seeing the reality pics of the salted egg yolk burger ,  i lost my appetite n interest fr it .  ew .  .  . 	4
im done with the fake people	0
im beyond tired	1
i like to play this game called how long can i lay in bed before work and still make it in on time	0
buffalo wings sounds good rn	0
whats that ? 	0
i peep shit &amp ;  act blind i hear shit but act deaf i know shit &amp ;  act so dont think i dont know nothi…	0
that was hella extra if i didnt turn around when u called me why make a u turn to get near me	0
thank you bb	0
all them other hoes talking they wendy williams !	0
2 strand twist out is lit!	0
anytime little one ,  anytime	0
clearly all good things happen in june	0
youre welcome	0
me too .  &amp ;  im so close to getting a half sleeve for my bday ,  but ill get it up top if i do so i can wear long sleeves or w/e	0
this temperature though ,  man hella hot	1
so right!	0
we are the best	0
#myhappyplaceincludes my #twdfamily and #normanreedus	0
in the name of jesus christ ,  believe everythings gonna be alright . 	0
awwwwwww those cheeks tho	0
awwwwww thanks bae i feel the same way	0
thank u very much	0
come to walgreens and bring me food .  you can follow me around too if you want ,  id like that	0
lets stop pretending like you was really out here trying	0
but its taking ages and i want bikinis for me holidaaaaaaaay! #payday	1
bout to go grind for a couple of hours	2
worst day of my life	1
i need to find my belly rings before my hole close	1
u too .  . 	0
dilemma … i want another drink but i also want to read and if i have another drink i wont be able to hold my book to read	1
i watched sportscenter until 4am and im up watching it again	0
omg same	0
nlc classify is up .  statuscode=200 , responseisvalid=true , responsetime=1361	0
i remember one sub with the thickest accent said all the hard ass mexican names perfectly but couldnt say my name i was like how	0
too much alcohol last night . 	1
yall tried to rob somebody got locked up and popped finessing aint for yall	1
lets get new movie to no .  1!!! #besomebodymovietonumber1 #besomebodymovie i love you matt please follow 160	0
lets get new movie to no .  1!!! #besomebodymovietonumber1 #besomebodymovie i love you matt please follow 160	0
even when you showing love they still gone wanna hate you	1
for real	0
woohoooooo! *support* haha okay	0
please follow me before my birthday which is in 24 days!! love you lou x116	0
i knew i could count on you &amp ;  the 21st century to wait for me	0
i actually met my boyfriend through the snake ass nigga you find relationships in the weirdest places lol	0
i actually met my boyfriend through the snake ass nigga you find relationships in the weirdest places lol	0
i love you too butt head	0
hey no need to preach to me	0
girl i know right	0
happy birthday karley flowers	0
lmao! no! i was with aiden and the girls and kept forgetting my phone ,  then i passed out on the couch	1
wat did u do ? 	0
i need to leave my sunglasses on next time lmfaoooo i hate squinting	0
keep the white toes fresh	0
ikr .  .  it was something else	0
you didnt get 5 passes &amp ;  a shot on target last time we played your team	2
you didnt get 5 passes &amp ;  a shot on target last time we played your team	5
ree hella over exaggerates beyond measures .  im not even as fob as she makes it . 	0
she sweeter than a honey bun imma call her honey bun	0
she sweeter than a honey bun imma call her honey bun	0
91 today	1
when i say ,  "im studying" it mostly means means im thinking about larry .  .  again	0
we bought to run it today	0
i woke up later today! 6:30 . 	0
that is so cool .  #igglechat	0
loser goes bald and posts a pic for the tl since youre confident	0
everyone has to have a lolly in their life #oitnb	0
i want my hair dyed	1
eirexit	1
the book always crazy 12 like it never fails	0
i hella want a fresno state visor	1
dude its just so sad how i can barley walk	1
ive got their numbers on ma 1 touch dial!	0
thought i was finna go to the movies and shit but nope	1
bram	0
tina help me	0
i bet $2 on this game so cleveland better win	0
i get off at 8pm .  im still at work .  customers and theyre phone issues i cant deal .  get outtttt i dont feel like fixing it lol	1
people will have so much shit to say once you stop messing with them	0
temptation be a bitch sometimes im not even going to front .  but i understand what it does to the human body so thatll trump temptation	1
just got all my presents to bring back for everyone	0
another terror attack	1
smells good tho	0
really disgusting like	4
idk who " adi " is	0
direct deposits make me happy	0
same person in my last 2 retweets	0
your avi is beautiful	0
see you in a couple days!	0
you welcome	0
time to read again	0
yknow the feeling u got when u have to answer form5s standard question in exam &amp ;  tcr be expecting us to get 90+ like godamn im 15 not 17	2
yknow the feeling u got when u have to answer form5s standard question in exam &amp ;  tcr be expecting us to get 90+ like godamn im 15 not 17	4
sleep is calling	1
wish i was with my guy	1
why do i always buy a $40 tshirt after every cavs win ?  every .  damn .  time . 	1
not really breaking any exams rules ? 	0
i just had to move to texas .  .  .  . 	2
i just had to move to texas .  .  .  . 	4
thanks	0
thats the only thing i miss about claflin is meltdowns	0
you always make me feel guilty  .  . 	1
you always make me feel guilty  .  . 	5
im trying to go to a lil uzi concert	0
juan 2 3 patrick and t when you tell your stories and cant stop soccer:soccer_ball:️	0
juan 2 3 patrick and t when you tell your stories and cant stop soccer:soccer_ball:️	0
juan 2 3 patrick and t when you tell your stories and cant stop soccer:soccer_ball:️	2
juan 2 3 patrick and t when you tell your stories and cant stop soccer:soccer_ball:️	4
i feel people dont appreciate the good side of me	1
cant wait	0
well just in case if you continue to yell at yye tv ,  change the channel to the dodgers game its really good rn	0
haha thats so true	0
can you help me ?  i bought a ticket from and it looks fishy	1
it was my family friends daughters 4th birthday and she got her all of the disney princess dresses	1
farkle is way too sweet im so sad where is this farkle ?  farkle	1
farkle is way too sweet im so sad where is this farkle ?  farkle	1
bed is sounding pretty good already tho	1
i got to get my shit together	0
why what have i done	1
when you think youre over it but you watch one of her videos and realize youre nowhere near over it	1
you right you right	0
i know but people will take the opportunity to attack muslims because of this . 	1
i know but people will take the opportunity to attack muslims because of this . 	4
tell me about it	3
tell me about it	5
im so mad	0
literally same	0
lol i need a boyfriend like elizabeths	0
cam update .  .  .  . pushed back to 9:45 pacific .  .  .  .  .  suddenly not feeling too well . 	1
i feel unappreciated . 	0
niggas a eat yo ass like groceries &amp ;  den stop fw like nigga  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 	1
best friends dont need words to express their feelings .  emoji says it all . 	0
man yeah im talking fuck dese bitches &amp ;  you know that	0
i quick fuck her cause i gotta go	0
consistently inconsistent . 	0
my daddy is amazing also making all these amazing things possible from jail hes been then since 2005 he has a few more years left	0
i got the weirdest ex tf you calling me and texting me for at 11 on some bs	0
i got the weirdest ex tf you calling me and texting me for at 11 on some bs	1
dang that is you	0
such a talented woman .  super proud of you ! you have come so far ,  continue dreaming ,  bibi girl!	0
what a fab hamper! id love this for my dad	0
you highkey got some luscious hair	0
im tired of my job	2
im tired of my job	4
why ,  yes .  yes you are . 	0
i feel like im too old for this now but ppl older than me is the main ones	1
i dont mean no harm .  .  im just need u on my arm .  . 	0
i hate diana i cant say anything without getting attacked	4
ive always hated when people ate their hair	4
lookin like i might be in the town for the day	0
thank you	0
i know the clock just struck midnight in england ,  so a very happy bday to my other half+ beautiful cousin	0
i know the clock just struck midnight in england ,  so a very happy bday to my other half+ beautiful cousin	1
oh the old "i was hacked" excuse	0
remember to drink a cold one for me	0
line trouble forced me to get out of some line groups see you	1
line trouble forced me to get out of some line groups see you	1
line trouble forced me to get out of some line groups see you	5
wish i could take her for a bath	1
i hate wen a mf get too big headed like mf i know the real you cho punk ass down	4
i hate wen a mf get too big headed like mf i know the real you cho punk ass down	4
love you moreeee	0
ill see if the maintenance guys can knock me a pier up in the garden at some stage .  .  .  .  .  . do i trust them though	5
daddy vice raaaw	1
so happy i have people like new day in my life #mitb	0
mine my right	1
so much adulting done today . 	0
are you getting cooking splatters all over the book ? 	0
all this stomach and back plain im in is not ok	1
damn yall is really taking mfs lives outhere g .  this shit is really real i had mines ,  yall took mines already please do…	1
when your sister brings you food	0
so many people claim they gonna whoop me since 6 grade actually and yet i go untouched .  .  love you guys too	0
true	0
im so proud	1
we are honored and cant imagine better tweeters!	0
thanks for sharing ,  tomasz! we love seeing the little guy getting used too	0
tryout week is about to be the death of me	0
#honestyhour a lot ppl/things dont even excite me ,  because im just about use to everything this world has shown me	2
#honestyhour a lot ppl/things dont even excite me ,  because im just about use to everything this world has shown me	4
i swear a nigga tried to set me up last night ian gone trip tho just charge it the game	0
i swear a nigga tried to set me up last night ian gone trip tho just charge it the game	0
i just called my eye doctor and i used my "stage voice" that i use for phone calls and my dad said i sound like a disney princess	0
how did you get here ?  nobodys spose to be here #lyricsthathavetobeshouted	1
me 7am for school but then im tired and take a nap ,  endless mistakes	0
new york traffic is the best	0
ooommgg that is beautiful .  im gonna learn kais hallway dance so someone can give it to me	1
dropped my chocolate biscuit so sad right now please	1
kaelah told u something	0
i had some yesterday and thought the exact same thing	0
you reach .  kyrie teachs	0
glad to see she isnt changing through all this .  no trip yesterday ,  just saturday stuff . 	0
wind and hot weather scare the hell outta me .  especially with the 2 tornadoes already in sask	0
terrible day	1
lol hes fkn lost alright	0
niggas cheating now	1
its that switch up season huh	0
and cheers to	0
last day of school for me	0
-my lil homie -i fw you heavy now -neighbor	2
they def are i think i only have this kotori out of this line	1
wish i knew how to dance	0
gahdamn lol peep mean muggin &amp ;  shit	0
gahdamn lol peep mean muggin &amp ;  shit	0
if u tryna fuck with me &amp ;  cant answer a txt or call or facetime at 4pm i cant answer a txt or phone call at 2am	0
damn okay bet .  .  . just gave me the okay!!! aaand im drunk .  .  . aight	0
need to go to sleep i guess . 	0
ccs ghapn  ,  meek mahay ray ako ,  you transferred	0
ccs ghapn  ,  meek mahay ray ako ,  you transferred	2
ccs ghapn  ,  meek mahay ray ako ,  you transferred	4
have you going all night ,  baby 3 times in a row . 	0
you right but you know at the p mfs be going and leading the next mf on	1
lol that is *fairly* brexit	1
i bet meeting your child for the first time is such a beautiful experience	0
i cant wait to see black haired kai for monster stage today if what the fanacc said true tho	0
over 300 tweets later and one m&amp ; g to please follow me i love you 318	2
over 300 tweets later and one m&amp ; g to please follow me i love you 318	0
ordering me some more hair real soon	0
okay .  lol	0
okay .  lol	0
lol thanks boo and miss you too	0
i hate work on mondays all the work be piled up and the day seem like its going to never end	2
i hate work on mondays all the work be piled up and the day seem like its going to never end	4
the chicken alfredo bread bowl thingy from dominos is my new favorite s/o to katya	0
i gotta look at em on ri	0
how high my favorite movie	0
the got people coming in to work at 6 am now i swear if i get that shift	1
ive came to the conclusion im waaaaaaaay to good for	0
ive came to the conclusion im waaaaaaaay to good for	0
way my life set up ill never be lonely	0
love my group so much!! thank you ,  fam! you know who you are #mikareyesday	0
haha we are basically twins .  hey we need to link up this summer	0
when im sleepy ,  everything is funny	1
#jendiygiveaway hope to win &amp ; 335	0
now other vassals of eussr must follow lead and vote for independence in their own eu referenda .  good riddance , 	2
now other vassals of eussr must follow lead and vote for independence in their own eu referenda .  good riddance , 	4
my hair poppin	0
hot as hell at work	3
hot as hell at work	5
and that thang so baby no propane	0
ill stick to my becca highlighters doe	0
i hate jail visits	1
tryna make some legs shake	1
i swear my ass is getting bigger	1
my nana knows me so well .  she just asked my dad if i have whined to see daniel yet	0
zlatan s nose looks smaller nowadays	0
your soul is mine	2
good to hear and that you have a little one after a bad start to the year ,  my health has settled	0
where the ending to that video	0
encore bovary #baclitterature	0
thank you my sweet prince	0
can you send me some too ?  how much do you charge for strands of your hair .  .  ?  ? 	0
i cant believe my baby sister is now taller than my kid and younger sisters time is flying . 	0
thanks!!	0
i want mexican street corn	1
just got done with my interview	0
im so scared to get my ends clipped .  my hair mad long rn but as soon as somebody clip my ends my shit be shoulder length	1
wow cant believe how much nathan on #loveisland looks like louis tomlinson thats what hes doing with his free time	0
wow cant believe how much nathan on #loveisland looks like louis tomlinson thats what hes doing with his free time	0
i really want a tattoo	1
mother nature oh how i didnt miss you	1
take us all back to saturday night yo	1
dude ,  i feel you .  .  .  i keep buying things and not watching my account ,  so im glad im dogsitting .  but i hope you got…	0
i only ate 1 time today	3
lecker	0
happy birthday crawfords dad	0
so what all boys wants girl look so beautiful this take time	0
youll be sweet .  ameicans get about anywhere for 90 days visa free	0
always appreciated your honesty .  im like the american government	0
is it thursday yet ? 	0
you alrdy keeping away from me &amp ;  adriel sooo i could have a better reason on to why i never met him	2
fell asleep out of nowhere last night	1
this all for kyrie yall	1
my face is breaking out	2
my face is breaking out	4
wait never mind seeing jen happy was the best thing ever	0
im trying be as happy as kodak is . 	0
thanks tyler me and were talking about you recently	0
was pose to go swimming but yeah	0
thank you for making me a better person you bring so much love &amp ;  positivity into my please follow x13 , 190	0
thank you for making me a better person you bring so much love &amp ;  positivity into my please follow x13 , 190	0
feel sick to my stomach	1
hush youre gonna kill it tonight	0
me too	0
we have lost too many good ones this season already but bud spencer come on - what a hero of mine ! wont stop watching his movies ever . 	1
we have lost too many good ones this season already but bud spencer come on - what a hero of mine ! wont stop watching his movies ever . 	1
obsessed w/ u	0
seriously	2
seriously	5
yeah hahaha ,  this is the 7th time i got flag march and the 5th for omurice just pls let me get one more choro ycast	0
imma need you to drop the slides in red  .  .  .  .  for the culture	2
*mom walks into my room* "bella scared the turtles outta me" "you have turtles in you .  .  . wtf" okay mom	0
nah im jp you chill asf &amp ;  cute but we know how that goes &amp ;  lowkey got hoes	0
nah im jp you chill asf &amp ;  cute but we know how that goes &amp ;  lowkey got hoes	0
typa heat where you sweat when you get out of the shower	1
yes po	0
*hugs*	1
i need my back cracked	1
reserved our campsites in canada cannot waitttt	0
hate meeting peoples parents	0
please dont even try to throw shade at me save yourself the embarrassment	2
please dont even try to throw shade at me save yourself the embarrassment	5
love those too .  so much .  just give me all the chips ,  actually . 	0
ohh haha no .  last night was actually a great night .  prob because i didnt have any patients	0
yesssss i loved the whole kiss outfits	0
girl fuck hoes &amp ;  they dinner  , :face_with_rolling_eyes:ill just put my money on my phone	0
girl fuck hoes &amp ;  they dinner  , :face_with_rolling_eyes:ill just put my money on my phone	1
nothing will ever go right!	1
back in the african shop	0
nail salon yelling my name	1
holy shit .  .  .  hell no what if you like kill someone or something smh	1
not going to unfriend my mum	0
this nigga goku legit left his son the first chance he got in dragon ball super .  wtf	0
how do you get your phone out of a lumee case	1
im always right idc	0
best thing to happen this summer is being on the west coast #morningmountaintalk #parktalk	0
it me	1
awww thank youuuu youre so sweet and beautiful	0
my sister so cold to me i wanted to be like her since i was younger	0
lmao ,  its so shallow ill admit that ,  but one of my biggest fears is a funny lookin ass baby so i feel you	0
bet this hoe check my page before she wake up and before she go to sleep .  so ima follow her and save her the hassle	0
gdnight	0
im not ready	0
love the one on the right! the map totally inspires wanderlust . 	0
not finish but when it is baby let me tell you	0
i love to flirt i apologize	0
bitches just be so bold	1
too much in love but at the same time hurting em	1
my parents nasty	4
lmao someone invited me to join their cultural dance group or something and i was like "i only do twerks"	0
i real legit miss my freaking boyfriend  .  . 	1
earliest ive been home all summer . 	0
happy birthday!	2
happy birthday!	5
hahahah its so stupid its literally a fuckin game	1
he didnt really give a s .  .  .  . !	0
welcome back ,  babe	0
staying with my son for the week .  his military boot camp paid off! his house is cleaner than mine! #bootcamp #grizzly…	3
staying with my son for the week .  his military boot camp paid off! his house is cleaner than mine! #bootcamp #grizzly…	5
what did you forget	0
i think mrs .  lubguban has been removed from my hate list	0
lil homie .  .  .  u cool yo money long tho	0
im not okay	1
im still pregnant	1
exactly	0
divinoo	0
lool .  cuz youve finished now	1
heathens is the best song ive listened to in a while	0
could you please predict that ill inherit a large sum of money .  i can live with that being a half right prediction . 	0
six flags was really fun	1
ha ha .  i need to start doing that .  but it doesnt rain much in socal	1
im kidding .  its not you i	0
back on snapchat and it updated	2
back on snapchat and it updated	4
thanks	0
we have so much in common i cant .  ive found my other half!	1
conan my beautician na	0
ahhh cant wait for the maze runner death cure!!! hahahah want to read the trilogy but hahaha hais dont know if can commit or nah	0
its okay ,  ill just have it all over me in the morning	0
looks like vegas gets a new stadium!	0
not ignorant	0
please	1
its so hot outside all i could do was start praying when i stepped outta the office	1
i have so much to do tomorrow .  .  . why am i still up ? 	1
i have so much to do tomorrow .  .  . why am i still up ? 	5
golfing is much harder than it looks and it looks really hard	3
golfing is much harder than it looks and it looks really hard	5
gonna give out my psn when i set it up later ,  let the games begin	2
i remember when my guy friends always used to call me to get on my ps4 &amp ;  play with them .  over their own friends	0
so far ive been to 9 schools but ill be graduating at my favorite  ,  yay	0
lls dead	1
he thought he was kobe for a second lol we all have those moments	0
anyhoo .  .  .  .  . fuck politics off .  .  .  .  . everton are boss an koeman will win the lot next season	0
there were small subtle scenes added with clark like him talking to his mom on the phone that just made you feel horrible when he dies	1
i have exams all week could you wish my luck please  ? 	2
i have exams all week could you wish my luck please  ? 	5
and hes with his old wife that has a lipo and a fake ass	1
i forgot i picked up this shift today	0
sorry daddy said i cant do it crystal	1
ha ha ha good one why dont you tell it at the funerals ?  itll be a riot . 	2
i hadnt seen my dad in like 3 days	1
very true . 	0
its like its too long to just let it do what it do but not long enough to slap in a puff	4
but i won ,  and didnt lose so its okay	0
this high school musical marathon got my hype af!	0
"i wish science would grow an arm so i could cook it and see what human arm tastes like . "	3
why can i remember stupid shit like the lyrics to the ketchup song but nothing to do with my sociology exam that everything depends on	0
3rd person to steal from our garage sale pathetic	0
how can you know your nigga fw somebody else and still let it fly ?  its one thing if you dont know but when you know .  .  .  . ho…	1
so sad to hear about #christinagrimmie rip xx	1
dont feel bad ,  i have too	0
yall trippin fr	1
evil credit cards should not look that good . 	1
sucks huh	1
these so called #russianhooligans must be terrifying attacking civilians ,  parents ,  families and kids enjoying the #euro2016 real hard men	2
these so called #russianhooligans must be terrifying attacking civilians ,  parents ,  families and kids enjoying the #euro2016 real hard men	5
yes please could do with this	0
great glad you are back to writing #batb	0
great glad you are back to writing #batb	0
i just love him so much it sucks	1
i hate how i would cross oceans for people but people wouldnt cross puddles for me . 	1
i hate how i would cross oceans for people but people wouldnt cross puddles for me . 	4
thank you	0
woah in really glad of who is really should be the one to be thankful for introducing me bangtan boys	0
thank you . 	0
fridaayyyy ready to do something	0
have fun	0
didnt they tell you i was a savage  ? 	0
fire onstage .  .  . wow so cool #betawards where are the freaking background dancers ? 	2
bruh!! you just understand! thank youuu	1
if she throw the at me ima catch it .  . u shoulda known better my nigga	1
ha ,  in us would’ve knocked down many houses for approach roads to get bridge high enough to avoid that	0
that means a lot	1
cmon waynette get to find out if im having a boy or girl today	2
cmon waynette get to find out if im having a boy or girl today	5
i am so sheltered from certain stuff	0
i dont but honestly im not surprised i did that	0
knew you wasnt real	2
knew you wasnt real	4
just glad i could help nic ^keiran	0
lmfao thanks	0
to problem	0
usa vs ecuador idk who to go for im both	1
give you $150	0
kyrie has my respect	0
warmed them up too long in the microwave	1
fuck i shouldnt have tweeted about #euro2016 i was gonna lie to my niggaz about j cole concert basted!!!!	0
we had so much fun doing the amazing wellness race today thank you!!!! from aafc #npsw	0
haha too right	0
getting it fixed tomorrow	1
day one of the #redrc not good so far lol .  .  .  way to many chokes	1
didnt bother him	5
you gotta tweet more then 5 times	0
i knew you were going to say something lol	0
#advice for loses today are how happy when you win ,  and after one lose after winnings is satisfaction"	0
i feel the same way . 	0
yesterday i got a kiss and a hug from kian and jc got my flag im a happy bean rn	0
havent eaten since this morning and im craving jack but i shouldnt	0
still up	2
who had nolito and morata in their fantasy teams!!!	0
varejao is pathetic	0
folks put up the " "	0
folks put up the " "	1
shower was lifeeee	0
your header are you serious	0
i miss next girlfriend	4
shes always beautiful	1
love and miss you too!	0
god 1st  ,  joey 2nd wym  ?  &amp ;  if thats your excuse fa not surprising me you failing	0
the game comes on at 8 and is dropping pull up at 8 what more can i ask for	0
why did you chose the other party ,  are they funny and happy to be with ? 	0
im agree ,  very nice	0
hoping this works out and i get the job	1
it hasnt even came out yet ? 	0
ewww i look hella dusty i pressed snooze on my alarm like 50 times lol today is not my day 3:00 please come fast	1
im grown but not that grown	0
love you too!!	0
" i dont know why im crying in the club right now" lol	0
new hair color ? 	0
18+ tweets after ramzan	0
cramps are no joke	4
i love you guys	0
if i send you pictures with no makeup on i hope you know our friendship is real	0
this weather	0
hey there i miss you my bundle of joy	1
hi how are you ?  hope youre fine todays my birthday &amp ;  all i wish for is your follow! mind following me ?  • 1 , 879	0
when you cant wait to see your  ,  miss my hulk	0
they called an exterminator and killed them	1
beyoncé concert tuesday	0
spain vs czech republic ireland vs sweden belgium vs italy mondays arent so bad ,  after all . 	0
i’m pretty sure the worst hate crime in americans history was slavery	2
i’m pretty sure the worst hate crime in americans history was slavery	4
awesomeness	0
use my tongue to spell my name out on your clitoris you digging how im licking it  ?  &amp ;  i printing shit im gone write my signature	2
use my tongue to spell my name out on your clitoris you digging how im licking it  ?  &amp ;  i printing shit im gone write my signature	0
lil uzi vert vs the world is on apple music	0
much love to the both of you with your soda &amp ;  17283828 bobbie pins	2
much love to the both of you with your soda &amp ;  17283828 bobbie pins	5
whhhhy do i always stay up late	2
whhhhy do i always stay up late	4
mustve lost what are the odds	0
fuck off joe hart you wanker #euro2016 #walesvsengland	0
cool concepts that were just horribly executed .  smh hollywood .  .  .  . you shouldve never greenlit that script	1
if i lose this money tonight im gonna have to run away from home	1
maria shut up	0
whenever i ask my dad for something he always says "youre killing me" then gives me what i want	0
im not gonna lie lol hes beautiful	0
i cant wait lol	0
ive gotta be up at 6 and i still have showered	1
sure mom i can cancel the date ive been stoked about all week on the night before ,  anything else you need ? 	2
sure mom i can cancel the date ive been stoked about all week on the night before ,  anything else you need ? 	4
hi i love michaeljackson like u and i follow u ,  could u follow me back please .  id appreciate it #mjfam #moonwalkers #kingofpop	0
morning	0
yes i think i put thomas on the app ,  if not its grable	0
oh boy im bout to get you	0
england proved two things .  one ,  they are bad at football .  two ,  they dont know how to street-fight #engrus #euro2016	0
happy birthday rio	0
im a shy cat huhu	0
zaap was yummy so full ready for bed!	0
happy birthday!	0
and your favourite person just happens to be in the area too	0
every damn time	0
round 2 today add my snap eddie_medinaaa	2
frfr	2
frfr	4
i miss you so much more we gotta hangout sometime	1
i miss you so much more we gotta hangout sometime	0
oooh!! stress  .  .  .  #batb #beastinterrupted	0
to the skunk that sprayed right outside my window . 	4
u fuckin slo  .  . 	0
the answer i wanted to quote on that tweet eh bess i stay quiet	1
thank you	0
every time i was with you i took pictures .  .  cause now you gone ,  all i got are the memories	1
meds not doing nothing but making me sleepy	2
meds not doing nothing but making me sleepy	4
okay ive seen four people i know within the past five minutes .  its time to leave #iknoweveryoneapparently	0
everybody back on the block list once again	0
my lit/chill friend wyd milk dud ? 	0
good morning i was up until 3am and my family woke me up at 7	0
aah ,  thats true .  i should probably look into that ,  huh ? 	0
i cant wait to hold n kiss my lil baby	1
what did i dooo	0
porn always gets peoples attention .  for some reason . 	0
aw ,  thank you boo boo! wishing you and family a #wonderpurr day too!	0
conjuring was badass	2
my mom used to leave gifts on my bed for me to come home to ,  now i just get whatever clothes i left in the dryer	0
i hate getting jealous but i literally cant help it .  its in my nature	2
i hate getting jealous but i literally cant help it .  its in my nature	4
&amp ;  will get mad if you catch em in a lie tf ? 	0
still cute though	0
if i stay	1
youre pregnant	0
this time im ready to run wherever you are is the place i belong	0
looks like im getting my money .  #gowarriors	0
nowt supa about you	0
its not here	0
fuck fuck fuck	1
told him bye long time ago .  i was actually talking about you	0
i love daya too	0
careful there ,  he might slap you up with a lawsuit	0
아 i see i see .  thanks for correcting	0
the more and more i think about how much debt ill be in from college ,  the less and less i can see myself buying a range rover someday	0
it was obvious he wasnt putting the money on his back	4
all these pretty girl .  .  retweet its kind	0
well rip you	0
lmao youll be there in spirit love !	1
lmao youll be there in spirit love !	4
soon as mafia 3 drops im gone for a while	0
i got u you run account	0
i got u you run account	0
sorry po	1
lucky cunt	0
sooooo ,  whos taking me on my dream date to see finding dory this	0
youre welcome	0
same thing rn ,  she was like "give me your phone" i said "no" &amp ;  just took	0
same thing rn ,  she was like "give me your phone" i said "no" &amp ;  just took	0
lmfaooo chill bro	0
roxette	0
actually ,  theres no effective government .  its the conservative party thats self-destructing ,  not labour . 	0
lmao  ,  we probably got a chance  . 	0
retweeted	2
retweeted	5
lmao everyone rn	1
i been chopping it up w chelsea since yesterday	0
8/10 8/10 10/10 thanks for rt-ing! intro ?  lysm	0
thanks boo	0
this show is so shady i love it	1
stuff from yandy is in its making me want this sternum tattoo more	0
aw thank you	0
so excited for garebear and is couple photoshoot on sunday #3yearanniversarypics	0
yd team building . 	0
fans going hard about paige being arrested . 	0
gotta be up dumb early	1
dont take babies to the theater  ,  especially not newborn babies	2
i swear i deserve it tho ,  i thank god fr .  work hard  ,  play hard	0
i feel soooooooooo stupid	1
just got a " hey u" text . 	0
i didnt know i did .  .  .  im sorry	0
yup moved out the way of 4lads walking on a tarmac bit made for skating etc and hit a pot hole  .  .  .  .  .  rest is history	1
today is my birthday ,  i would like you to give me the congratulations . :folded_hands:that would be my greatest gift . :red_heart:️	0
this tues ,  i will make for breakfast	2
lolly from #oitnb is the funniest	0
i want to meet a guy that just lets me have my way 9/10 times	0
just saw a laden mango tree im tempted but i hada remember that i not in trinidad might get sue for a mango	0
just saw a laden mango tree im tempted but i hada remember that i not in trinidad might get sue for a mango	1
lol i will	0
bruh tomorrow is gonna be so lit going to the fair	0
happy birthday mina	0
too much on my mind	1
i was never lucky! i had to serve twice on jury duty	2
i lost my 10k again ugh	1
my fault if the shoe fit	0
little compliments mean so much more	0
everything coming together	0
sweatpants are so comfy ,  can i wear them all day all night	0
my playlist got me in my feelings ,  selling drugs  ,  pimping hoes  ,  stripping all the same time	0
my dad told me he wanted to leave by 9:15 .  .  .  hes not even awake	2
my dad told me he wanted to leave by 9:15 .  .  .  hes not even awake	4
i left my charger in that boy car	1
aw thank you looking forward to your purchase	0
good thing is we all brag about our grades ,  im not alone . 	0
she knows me best	0
i wish i was the type to go to the gym to release stress but thats just not my style	1
not just that news like all the drama	2
not just that news like all the drama	4
i wish i wasnt being an emo ass bitch monday	1
hey hey darkskin your cool &amp ;  cute	0
hey hey darkskin your cool &amp ;  cute	3
oh boy schools gonna start soon .  i wonder what kind of cringey-ass memories that would haunt me years later im gonna make dis year	0
a death/money trap	0
since you like to tell my mom everything i tweet ,  you can tell her i got my nipples pierced so i dont have to . 	0
same! but i dont miss those choir robes we wore like once	0
my snap chat locked wtf  .  . 	2
my snap chat locked wtf  .  . 	4
havent been on tumblr for months but thought i would tonight and the first thing i see is an oitnb spoiler	2
sweet 17 gurlll all the best for trial	0
thank you!!	0
omg omg omg these are things that will never happen to me	1
he say he ready for love  .  .  .  .  .  . and im with it	0
well mean in the time where im moving i had so many arguments with my mums suddenly .  dont worry .  ill be gone very some . 	0
final round is last game for him .  last game for thailand team!	1
can we please get hot&amp ; spicy after work #overthisweek #kfc #kfc #kfc	0
can we please get hot&amp ; spicy after work #overthisweek #kfc #kfc #kfc	0
can we please get hot&amp ; spicy after work #overthisweek #kfc #kfc #kfc	1
these baby ducks are so much smaller them the other ones	3
these baby ducks are so much smaller them the other ones	5
stl has some sexy ass baseball players	0
so should i go for it	0
what did i tell you lmao sure	0
love you	0
samere ,  was trying to make you feel good ,  khair hai	0
being nauseous gotta be one of the worse feelings in the world	2
being nauseous gotta be one of the worse feelings in the world	4
got lhhatl ,  black ink and the fosters recording i cant wait to get off work	1
kash doll not tf low	2
kash doll not tf low	4
you can not watch a game with black folk	0
i really dont want to be at home .  i wish i had someone to stay with	1
is the teacher .  and time will not bind me .  drink up the moments that make you learn from those that n find your soul mate x	0
is the teacher .  and time will not bind me .  drink up the moments that make you learn from those that n find your soul mate x	2
someone should come roll up and feed me lol im mad lazy i dnt wana move	1
love in this club remix still bang	0
i love when jesus destroy the works of the enemy through me	0
1st exam today ngl im kinda nervous good luck to everyone else with exams	0
i wanna go on a run or to the gym	0
i just got so frustrated	0
jessy  ;  coke is nasty alex  ;  your face is nasty got told by a 8 yr old	0
jessy  ;  coke is nasty alex  ;  your face is nasty got told by a 8 yr old	1
dont love me no more	1
some of these dudes are relentless i swear	2
some of these dudes are relentless i swear	4
national sex day and my dick gone be dry af	0
chelsie header cute af	0
i want u with me at all times	0
im just in a salty mood	0
just 25 more days	0
why are you lying	0
this shit is not easy	2
this shit is not easy	4
thats fucked up bruh	1
mine would be that movie where tom hanks is on that island all alone .  all i can do is pray boxes wash up on shore	1
rewatching high strung final dance	0
hope your day keeps perfect	0
in miami now	0
i hear i can meet really great friends on twitter ,  where are you ?  i promise i am great too	0
happy birthday	0
thank you!	0
mind .  .  .  . officially .  .  . blown .  .  . jon and cersei on top of the world and dany finally takes two steps out the door! hallelujah #gotfinale	0
congrats bro! #706boys  ,  earned not given	2
i got work today in 5 hrs	0
youre gorg	0
lol fam it never connected	0
i am still awaiting response from complaint raised on monday	2
gunna watch finding dory .  i have waited 13 years for this . 	1
what did they do to spiderman	1
them hoes give the best top oml	0
oh how i love you i miss you so much	1
ive been gone a week and no tweet about me	2
ive been gone a week and no tweet about me	4
shouldve been did that	2
shouldve been did that	4
ewww no! blueberry and it has to be the off brand because those are the best	0
that kid in the background	0
its better when youre last day of the week is a monday though	0
well ,  as its you we can share on the same night!	0
in fact i might just wear it to freak out these racist bastards thatre coming out the woodwork back home	2
husky always	0
obsessed with at the moment his attitude is just great	0
kayla annoying dude	1
willis girlfriend is soooo hot though	0
tbh most latin food is hella bomb	0
id rather be making chemistry than doing chemistry .  #ocrchemistry	0
79 days	1
imagine if it was giroud missing all these shaqiri chances	0
its beeeeeen a minute since ive been taken out on a date so im excited even though i forgot all the rules if theres any	0
its beeeeeen a minute since ive been taken out on a date so im excited even though i forgot all the rules if theres any	0
officially on mom duty starts tmm .  pray for me yall	1
i missed jayla so much i really had nobody to talk to	1
dats your nigga but he running from your camera when yall on snapchat	0
theres zero point me even watching the box set now ,  i know everything	0
oh my goodness ,  you are most welcome! there is so much where that came from .  i just wish there were more pics! lol	0
i want some coney island	1
love you too! but i want everything you see .  jk girl haha	0
love you too! but i want everything you see .  jk girl haha	0
my entire 4th shift basically	0
ate that pizza  ,  her happy ass moving now	0
should copy off my mama but that car note gone kill me	0
hey dont say that	0
they need to take out chicharito	4
veggies ,  beans &amp ;  jacket potatoes i love	0
awww always a cutie . 	0
lol ,  let me hush	0
felt so good actually going to sleep at like 9 last night lol #imgettingold	1
being a bit pedantic you were actually born a baby .  hard to believe i know .  .  .  .  .  . 	0
i cant stand cookman students	0
no party tonight	1
wait ,  theres like 6 midgets ,  and theyre hitting a convoy with two cars	3
wait ,  theres like 6 midgets ,  and theyre hitting a convoy with two cars	5
thats my video	2
thats my video	4
you make me soo happy	0
i remember used to be my favorite emoji .  i barely use it now	2
everything 1k!	0
thanks we think the science holds up . 	0
happy birthday to one of the most positive people i know ,  you are a true unicorn team super loves you!!!	0
bought chicken 2 days ago that is best before 14 . 06 . 16 .  went to use it for dinner and its already gone off!!	2
how to pronounce compromise com promise	0
that is so unbelievably cute .  you can actually see her thinking "kids" !! sigh !! cats and their carboard houses	0
actually in shock	0
alyssa always get her damn way ugh brat ass	0
thank you youre so cute	0
thank you youre so cute	0
thank you youre so cute	0
today is good day for a good day	0
im ready to go back to light hair	0
catch me in this traffic	0
hi ate pat notice me please	0
i dont do pinky promises ,  i do middle finger promises because if you screw me over youre fucked	0
could be the shortest ever ,  the housemates will have either been removed or escaped	0
it was fuckin lit family i took it like a champ too its beautiful thank you!!	0
yeah! i enjoy that actually!	0
cooking with my older sister is always end up with mom yelling at us because were too noisy and her son staring at us blankly	0
right	0
new video out go get hip	2
- jon jon got him a girl  ,  yall cute but you know you my dawg tomorrow the last day	0
- jon jon got him a girl  ,  yall cute but you know you my dawg tomorrow the last day	1
i cant believe all of this is happening today	1
not really	2
not really	4
i want sc back on my phone use to be so turnt	1
i want sc back on my phone use to be so turnt	0
i want sc back on my phone use to be so turnt	1
i want sc back on my phone use to be so turnt	1
my notifications poppin	0
yes .  see you soon	0
lol if ya say so anyway have a great day and talk to you sometime soon maybe	0
lol if ya say so anyway have a great day and talk to you sometime soon maybe	0
i love this acc	0
i dont like the sibling thing .  #bb18	1
we some go wit the flow niggas	0
youre welcome	0
happy birthday	0
i havent done my eyebrows since april .  i think its time	0
just found out that my good family friends brother was shot at the nightclub in orlando #loveislove	1
lucky you	0
i wonder ,  if ever a scandal comes out ,  how many ppl will die of heart attack	0
its summer come on	2
its summer come on	4
pretty girl and eyebrows always fleeky	0
heading back home today	0
i fear that you may be right	1
no problemo! three lions against rambo though hehehe	5
i lows dont want to update my phone	0
dms open asf	1
i need to go home and clean my room	0
anybody can be successful you just have to have a want to!	2
p . s a 10er says he still scores more than any liverpool player next year ?  ? 	0
im pretty sure my brother has some sort of a . d . d	2
im pretty sure my brother has some sort of a . d . d	4
baby take my open heart and all	1
okay you could have made the reading part more clear you have put the same thing twice	0
when he came &amp ;  put a on ya &amp ;  only he has the  .  .  .  i just be thinking who sent you	0
when he came &amp ;  put a on ya &amp ;  only he has the  .  .  .  i just be thinking who sent you	0
im so tired of being tired	4
tiff hayes just throws herself around .  and gets rewarded for it	1
inthenei always do piano covers on infinites songs .  subscribes to the channel to listen to many great piano covers	0
why is cruelty a thing	1
it needs to be 4:30	1
thanks mate	0
well its you that has to sit next to her now	0
the weather rn is as cold as your heart oooooooooooh	0
the females taking the money just to get fuck by them is sad	0
im tired i need a nap	1
i love a little freak in in hollywood	0
still dying thinking about the stories becca told us last night	0
i knew morgan was gonna say that lol its not my fault tho	1
monday	1
when they catch love ya lingo	0
but you coo and i rock with you we was weak in midterms and finals	0
but you coo and i rock with you we was weak in midterms and finals	0
peep header	0
i was bout to rt till i seen that last sentence smh	0
yay congratulations jenn!!	0
i know me too! just wish he d shop near me lol	0
ive only been getting like 6 hours of sleep every night	0
s/o to my dad he raised me alone with no help	1
get me on holiday! i need some cocktails and sun	1
you might not wanna do that young she will drag you	0
love you too	0
nick young a savage but he stupid	0
congratulations to the entire team of sbs	0
ive eaten too much on this trip	3
heartbreaking isnt it	1
lls well you should ,  you bout to be a accidental rapper	0
you little fb stalker you!!	0
her iv done all this &amp ;  feels good is priceless not her fault her boys were jerks	0
you right	0
i really miss you im ready for band camp ctfu	1
can i just move out here already ? 	1
lol let me stop	0
i didnt know sam lived in lacey	0
lunch!	0
500 followers	0
so embarrassing looking back	0
im so excited for my birthday this year tho .  im gonna do it my way this time	2
feel like the stabbing thru my insides dawg	1
bathing suit	0
pretty embarrassed at how much i just cried watching finding dory	0
some girls really do i find it disrespectful	1
some girls really do i find it disrespectful	4
some girls really do i find it disrespectful	1
some girls really do i find it disrespectful	5
oh lord here we go	0
niggas cant shoot for nothing no more	2
niggas cant shoot for nothing no more	4
oh go on then .  .  .  . just a bit .  .  .  . begrudgingly . 	0
praying for orlando . 	1
meeting somebody that acts just like you	0
tiddleston .  sounds like a posh cats name . 	0
finally bought a new suitcase ,  black and gold anne klein ooooohhh	0
i have to go to court early as fuck then go shopping  . 	2
i have to go to court early as fuck then go shopping  . 	4
miss you so much doll cant wait to see you	4
you missed this	0
bopy	0
congrats! yaaay	0
happy birthday	0
i dont know why this is bothering me so much but it really is	2
i dont know why this is bothering me so much but it really is	4
sheeeeah yedlin with that nasty elbow #usavpar	5
i cant im going with my friend for her birthday	0
thanks gorgeous!!	0
me too .  its so soothing	0
after dental school i want to go into cosmetology to earn extra money	0
every year write and send katrina kaif for her birthday wish till i dont know what to say anymore i love u	0
just licked my armpit so i didnt have to drink omg	0
my idgaf attitude is outrageous today .  . 	2
my idgaf attitude is outrageous today .  . 	4
pll is dragging .  they need to end it	1
my usual screams during a gol de mexico but hes on his best behavior since we have company over	0
going to miss brand new tomorrow	1
more proof how wack jersey is	0
i need some titties badly lol	1
this stuff is bananas! wouldnt wish it on my worst enemy	5
very nervous for gs to get a 10-0 run	0
whats next ?  "2023 lhp jonny doe 57" 75 lbs has a lean ,  athletic frame &amp ;  fluid delivery .  fb sits 53-55 w/ great feel for cb for his age" . 	1
i keep hearing strange noises and i dont know where theyre coming from!!	1
you are very welcome and thank you xx	0
hey you ,  goodnight .  .  .  .  . 	0
im so sad i want to be there w you so bad hopefully i cant visit you next summer	0
im so sad i want to be there w you so bad hopefully i cant visit you next summer	1
because mrs mccann wont let us talk till everyones done is anyone still working ? 	0
done pls give it to acc in bio instead ?  ?  tysm	0
bird set free - sia #mtvsnapmexlesslie #mtvchallengewmelon #mtvstylerppmussas #mtvmiaw	0
i know im not	0
its because hes a rapley	0
i miss you too boo	1
man why does everyone assume i expect something in return when i im one to give ,  not receive	0
man why does everyone assume i expect something in return when i im one to give ,  not receive	1
shouldnt of had a nap earlier now im wide awake	0
i love stomach aches	0
who will admit they sit on twitter and wait around to see a tweet they can make about them ? !	1
"stop breaking your heart for someone whos not even good as you expect"	1
dope part was running into alot of old faces ,  nothing but cool vibes	0
wish i could see you soon	1
this snowball good	0
i also dreamt they put you in a kennel and fed you to the dogs legend	5
babies push so hard to &amp ;  make all those grunting noises &amp ;  yet everything that comes out is liquid lol #momlife #lifewithkids #parenting	0
i wish i was watching the final!	1
she makes me look forward to my day everyday yup thats my trap girl  .  everybody asking who is that girl  ?  nigga thats my trap girl	0
she makes me look forward to my day everyday yup thats my trap girl  .  everybody asking who is that girl  ?  nigga thats my trap girl	0
this shits cake to me	0
yipeeeeee kane is playing #eng	0
my house next time!!	0
fantastic giveaway rtd and already following	0
i gotta get right  . 	0
fuck lebron james !!!	0
im always put a smile on my face everytime u sending me emoji , it feels i hav the real laughing derby face apears	0
i cant deny that i wont forget but finding forgiveness for myself is far more important .  word from my sista	0
please	0
sounds like youre on a winner here	0
taru here also late is colors want us to subscribe hd chnl  ?  ? rangeela	2
taru here also late is colors want us to subscribe hd chnl  ?  ? rangeela	3
and neither has great trade value so we are basically stuck at least we are running away with the west	1
awesome show!! i wish i would have stayed around for the meet and greet!	1
uhhh ,  youre totally reading it wrong . 	2
uhhh ,  youre totally reading it wrong . 	4
grrr should say contesting! apparently my brain isnt working yet either	2
grrr should say contesting! apparently my brain isnt working yet either	5
i finished .  #ointb	3
i finished .  #ointb	5
ill just have your bags of takis waiting for you when you get to waco	0
my house doesnt even have bread rn	2
my house doesnt even have bread rn	4
beautiful!	0
idk what youre talking bout	0
wet make me whet	0
i wish weed didnt smell so loud	2
i wish weed didnt smell so loud	4
mind ya business	0
aw they slipped he said the word "walk" in the middle of a sentence .  the dog looks as if shes been stabbed in the back	0
lol i dont like that nigga bro	0
"your a fuckin idiot for supporting drumpf!" .  .  .  now ,  thats an attack .  .  .  . 	0
man whatd i	1
10 months of waiting for the next season of got ,  good thing there are fan theories everywhere tho	0
done w/ was the best season yet .  so when does the new season of premiere ?  #oitnb #houseofcards	1
im interested	0
awe katie so sorry	0
enter the link and read before you start making noise it was bants .  be calm oga	0
got better things to worry bout	0
link to the video ? 	0
going to bed man	1
hey baby	0
how much ?  you rich la now got $116 all	2
how much ?  you rich la now got $116 all	4
jus did my hair i feel so relieved moe	1
eat your heart out aladdin! literally!	2
i just saw an old couple using a legit paper map while driving .  my whole day is made	1
yall annoying bye	0
ikr .  i though i could focus for 5 wks .  ends up i was more focused on him! well ,  i can focus on me now . 	0
ikr .  i though i could focus for 5 wks .  ends up i was more focused on him! well ,  i can focus on me now . 	0
oh hell no	3
oh hell no	5
a week of early starts then off for a week a weeks holiday with no parents and no work	0
we just went &amp ;  saw the house from the show full house my life is made	1
of kes .  lowkey one of my faves now . 	0
i really need someone to put my nose ring in for me	1
just lost all my pictures bc my i lcloud turned off by itself	0
im sorry ill stop fucking all your friends	0
im such a mark	0
ps - morning!	0
i wish you could but you gotta work	0
spent 3 hours this evening watching a documentary on when i should have been revising at least i know all about ba now	0
im just waiting	0
i dont think nobody keep it real no more	1
yall be eating so much garbage	4
ive always wanted a follow from you but you keep ignoring me ,  but i will never give up on my dreams to get your follow . 	0
i feel like i did dara injustice in the thread but it wont fit 140 characters	1
i have nothing to do tomorrow .  . 	1
no complaints about the lack of windows . 	0
papa .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  need no preachin	0
never give up	1
i can dream of connor noticing me	1
yes please do	0
middle fingers  .  .  ion thinking bout you	0
i can stay up hella late tonight cuz i dont got work in the am but i have no one to talk to	1
just you or both of you ? ! lol	0
why cant i stay at hse for few minutes irritating life	4
im so ready to get my hair done!	1
you dont win a title so you retire internationally at 29 ? ! such a sore loser omg	0
you tooo fu not happening	0
nobody ever wants to come to the brandin iron w/ me	2
nobody ever wants to come to the brandin iron w/ me	4
dude you always have the sickest cars	0
anyone going to darius rucker tonight ?  if so ,  hit me and up	0
babyyy i like your styleee	0
work	2
work	4
they are far from slick . 	0
i swear if my mom makes me eat meat one more time im going to puke #eatmorechicken #ihateredmeat #nomoreplease	4
uh-oh	5
hi how are you ?  hope youre fine todays my birthday &amp ;  all i wish for is your follow! mind following me ?  • 1 , 765	0
yall my sister got soooo much clothes bouta be my freakin baby doll wardrobe changes and everything	0
yall my sister got soooo much clothes bouta be my freakin baby doll wardrobe changes and everything	1
my little sisters sending me snaps of my grandpa singing makes me wish i went to mexico with them	1
i want them so bad friends is my kink	1
absolutely .  .  so when can we see this lovely lingerie ? 	0
we really need to go back to austin though .  .  .  back to 6th street ,  it wouldve been hella lit if i was drunk	0
been too busy fucking this niggas girl	0
she get whatever she wants from me	1
my mom is in the kitchen but because elliott doesnt want cereal shes commanding that i go make him breakfast yous already therw	2
i feel like im trying sooooo hard to make something that will never work ,  work	2
i feel like im trying sooooo hard to make something that will never work ,  work	5
she suck me so good i think that i love her	3
she suck me so good i think that i love her	5
today im gonna hang out with my old best friend .  we havent seen each other since i was an 8th grader .  what if this goes really bad	3
today im gonna hang out with my old best friend .  we havent seen each other since i was an 8th grader .  what if this goes really bad	5
op ae cut	0
what ? !	1
really trying to teach bae how to chill out sometimes he gotta short temper	4
ques heavily on my mind  .  .  . 	1
its so weird how im darkskin and my boobs are lightskin lmao	1
you are very beautiful	0
francis stays on my snapchat	0
these st . jude hospital commercial makes me feel like like i cant change the channel  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . i feel bad	1
when you fall asleep at your girl house and dont get home till 2 p . m . 	3
when you fall asleep at your girl house and dont get home till 2 p . m . 	5
wondered why i got teary eyes at work yesterday when emailing &amp ;  why i cried at geordie shore ,  but now its explained .  #worstendopainsever	1
i mean honestly do you turn up all week .   ?  at least r&amp ; b on wensdays	0
she cant go no wea she cant drive dat nice ass car to da park nomo	1
she cant go no wea she cant drive dat nice ass car to da park nomo	4
call in sick	0
you know you ugly when people say "tbh you seem chill" &amp ;  thats all they got for you	0
thought you might like it	0
idk why draymond hype nigga still suck	0
i told that im gonna make a trip out to the bay one time to party like how yall do	0
christ knows what people think of all my slogan tshirts when im walking round town here . 	0
im the only one whos really excited for her first day of school not her mom .  hahaha feeling parent .  lol	0
soon	0
looool deleting my account . 	0
i never want to smoke a cig again unless im in some next drunken state	4
drinking coffee this late was not a good idea at alllllllll	4
my gosh! #hahn is one of the most repetitive shows ive watched in my entire life . 	1
once sees and my next piece ,  hell be sleeping outside your door with ink envy . 	0
when i saw the instagram link ,  i thought it would be a picture of you in #cosplay (with a cup of coffee ,  of course) . 	0
not weird clumsy .  this is just my way of saying it fell down . 	0
im workin	1
i kno exactly what i gotta work on	2
i will! be glad i didnt just buy the merino pants!!!	3
i will! be glad i didnt just buy the merino pants!!!	5
i will never get over how beautiful the new york city skyline is	0
idek how many times ive cried saying goodbyes	1
thats what people do who love you .  they put their arms around you and love you when youre not so lovable . 	0
i dont have another day off until sunday	1
im crying bc they start singing that shit soooooo disrespectful omg	0
im crying bc they start singing that shit soooooo disrespectful omg	1
only get to finish up my observation &amp ;  developements	0
shits poppin	0
havent even booked my god damn makeup for prom yet shit	1
everybody getting married and shit . 	3
everybody getting married and shit . 	5
i have 250 love go first on account in bio ! i will give extra follows tell me when ur done	0
depends which end youre at	0
you like it ? 	0
yaaaaasss ,  i cant wait omg	1
im so sad my cousin in california is sending me pics of her at the mexico vs jamaica game	1
my family just everything . 	1
solewhat #vansxnintendo	0
i tagged you in a tweet but i dont know where it went &amp ;  text me back !	0
back is in bits tonight	1
back is in bits tonight	4
she took the tv out	0
you choose to deal with it	0
im watching old youtube videos and i may or may not be crying im so proud of her #strawberryloxsmiths	1
first interaction with *pretends to throw up in his mouth because im wearing a louisville hat in lexington*	0
i dont tease i please	0
ruby makes it so easy for me to drag her	0
i finally got to go to lunch and #rousui is on! #allezlasuisse	0
my second package came in	0
i aint got no worries	0
its so many cookouts on saturday when i get off work its just not enough time in the day	1
i cant fw a lazy female that shit so unattractive	2
i cant fw a lazy female that shit so unattractive	4
that #gearsofwar4 controller is very pretty #e32016	0
pistol toting n im actin funny now for any nigga think its macaroni time	2
my cousins got a new kitten so basically im just gonna come over ,  steal the kitten ,  and leave	0
watching	0
"can you hear ?  or can you only hear the sounds of the oceans ? "	0
cant believe its 2016 and some people still do not seem to understand women are not inferior to men	4
 . @nataliesosa indeed	1
boy if you dont get	1
reached home	5
so sad for the loss of #christinagrimmie	1
jesus team rocket are bloody awful . 	1
last full show for conjuring 2 ,  lavaaan!	0
aint no better feeling than hitting a 3 to tie of the game to send it into over time in the finals on 2k	3
you picc n choose when to respond &amp ;  i have 0 time for that	0
waiting on this package to come	0
you know what fuck you shit im done always puttin me last nah fck that	0
sorry	0
honest truth ?  theyre only dad shoes bc tennis shoes are a tough sell with jeans anyways ,  especially white ones . 	2
honest truth ?  theyre only dad shoes bc tennis shoes are a tough sell with jeans anyways ,  especially white ones . 	5
unnecessarily rude #lrt	1
i like football players more than basketball players but if he loves me then yeah	0
dont see how people can just go around killing another human being  ,  shit crazy	1
i have fifteen minutes before i have to leave my house i shouldve started drinking faster	5
crazy seeing the people you were in elementary school with ,  5-7 years later .  .  .  amazing what life does to people son	1
really regretting not wearing my ankle brace today right about now	1
that had also happend to me once	0
(that one doesnt actually exist)	2
(that one doesnt actually exist)	5
so heartbreaking seeing my grandma cry for her son .  todo va a estar bien abuelita . 	1
constant runny nose ,  cough like symptoms ,  dry eyes .  is this hay fever ?  ive had it about 2 months now	3
sad to see that some females strive to be baby mothers but not wives	1
i hate high school drama this will all be irrelevant in like 5 years	1
it has the cum texture that makes it more strawberry flavored yoghurts are my fav	0
muse_21 collection is supper hot though	0
love you &amp ;  did you hear that lol	0
gooood morning! wishing you a blessed and happy day	0
&amp ;  im gay now	0
germany	0
so cuteee	0
bah be subtweeting lf	0
ha ,  now thats a plan	2
lol damn ,  mfs feelings hurt its okay .  hope theres no hard feelings	0
bet youre buzzing .  also i hope youre keeping well	0
creeping on u btw	0
i need new people to talk to dm me	0
i got the squad with me thoo	1
what!!! why didnt i know that already ? !	1
"chimichurro" -	0
wow this is amazing	0
soo ole dude wasnt your boo	0
lol .  sehri k time b block and report ki game chal rahi hain b/w insafians	0
it just too easy for me man you seen me hitting them weights like it was nothing	0
sooo many graduation parties today .  imma have several nice dinners	0
why you faking on me sam	2
why you faking on me sam	4
i should have betted on the finals	1
haha maybe i just want to hold his hand and talk with him	0
i have the worst luck ever	0
americans so bored right now	0
dash is too cute .  wide awake	0
en las buenas y en las malas disappointing 7-0 loss ,  learn and move on boys .  #somosméxico	1
im honestly ready for work tomorrow	0
that looks	0
thanks bro !!!!	0
get over it	0
be thankful for what you have	0
they be like "meme can dance bruh she jamaican duhh "	0
my sleeves are gone	0
my sleeves are gone	3
my sleeves are gone	5
yes i see it finally .  i hope this darn construction finishes on time . 	1
classes ?  tomra ?  that doesnt shock me tho ,  im so fuckin used to it .  duh ,  we dont have freakin vacation for petes sake	2
classes ?  tomra ?  that doesnt shock me tho ,  im so fuckin used to it .  duh ,  we dont have freakin vacation for petes sake	4
take it easy guys	0
no one likes you	0
im so proud of being welsh .  not today	1
thank you	0
flo rida sucks ,  &amp ;  so does meghan	0
this cinderella is barely going to leave her house lol	2
as long as i have a job ,  you can	0
life is over wifi isnt working in the house .  go outside n play	0
man these dreams	1
i be feeling so good when everything done	0
last night in iloilo .  so excited to go home already . 	0
one thing i like about her style different ,  she different aint nothing wrong with that	0
i need to know what summer assignments i gotta do .  .  .  forget it .  fuck summer assignments	0
i need to know what summer assignments i gotta do .  .  .  forget it .  fuck summer assignments	1
its 45 where im at in louisiana ,  and thats on a highway	2
its 45 where im at in louisiana ,  and thats on a highway	4
lmaoo .  ferrari .  chasing brake lights . 	0
when the whole clan has their nose pierced on the right &amp ;  youre the odd one out w/ it pierced on the left . 	0
dude im so sad rn! rip ,  you were such a beautiful spirit!	1
nope its for those who can go to concert ! im glad you can understand english	0
nope its for those who can go to concert ! im glad you can understand english	0
nope its for those who can go to concert ! im glad you can understand english	1
up early this morning	2
up early this morning	4
lol theyre always at ihop but yes we will! jace needs baby friends	0
i have to poop but im at the doctors office now and well shit now i cant	1
i love him toooooo . 	1
i love him toooooo . 	5
wouldnt like to get one of them heels down my shin lol	0
job interview this wednesday .  hopefully all goes well	1
champagne and sea food goes so well together	0
those were some hurtful words	1
i hate not talking to her throughout the day	2
i hate not talking to her throughout the day	4
talk to her .  .  .  duh	0
 ;  i would be mean asf ,  but id rather just be mature and put what i had against you in the past .  but youre a pretty chill person . 	0
cheer up buttercup!	0
so excited for you! hope you have fun!	0
thank you for rting my latest blog post! youre awesome hope you have a terrific sunday!	0
thank you for the retweet back . 	0
wish i was up &amp ;  otp with someone i want to talk to	1
where did time go	1
this made me howl	0
realize	0
george ezras voice is so beautiful	0
eventhough im in the withdrawal mood from people ,  i still end socializing somehow!	0
and like a league 2 side the poles sneaked it with a goal against the run of play	0
bet say no more	0
yupp	0
damn these are icy	1
asf fuck and i love you too baby and you know this you should come with me and jornee	0
i wish scotland did football good	1
holy shit .  skyrim remastered . 	0
blonde	3
blonde	5
but spain were playing italy which is acceptable	0
my wont mind i promise	0
dude she got all excited for animal cookies	1
some shit starting to get old	2
some shit starting to get old	4
how am i suppose to go to work when all i can think about is vs semi annual sale . 	1
hey yall were supposed to bring me some chicken the other day	1
jumper pants	0
my 13 year old brother puts both me and my mum in our place that boy doesnt take shit from nobody yall .  not even his own mother	0
im getting withdrawal symptoms - only mondays has been uploaded	3
the only reason i was watching was to see beys perfomance so i have no business with them anymore	0
literally just spent an hour looking for this one makeup tutorial and now its almost 5am	1
chisom is so gorgeous	0
these cramps hurt so bad	1
these cramps hurt so bad	4
wish i never got rex in the routine of getting up at 6 every morning #teamnosleep	1
emotions - destiny childs	1
i ate about 5 slices of pizza and all the chicken bites and a sandwich and a cup noodle all that hit was rock bottom .  still hungry	0
i thought id have more time aaaaaaaaaa	0
randolph loves to high five #euro2016 #coybig #irevswe	0
ive been running into old friends alllllll week i be like ohhhh youve grown up	0
i need to make more friends since mine are busy ,  live far away or doing cool summer things .  to bad im anti social	2
i need to make more friends since mine are busy ,  live far away or doing cool summer things .  to bad im anti social	4
mfs b lowkey talkin shit go get sum money stfu	0
i believe that the white set belong to	0
real tho  .  .  . she aint block me like or and i aint say as much as i said to iggy  .  .  . hey dream	0
see i got a thing for lil bootys	0
awh em ily	1
harold	1
growing a beard in	0
omg i love you crazy cunts so much	0
omg i love you crazy cunts so much	0
i love it when he calls from the boat to make sure im ok .  its the little things he does that makes him so amazing . 	0
great talk tonight-kids thought you were better in real life than on tv .  #oxscifest &amp ;  as an american-i got the roy comment	0
and proud	0
cybersyub ur icon is so beautiful just as u are ily and taegi loves u to the moon and back .  pinned tweet ,  i agree #3yearswithbts	0
cybersyub ur icon is so beautiful just as u are ily and taegi loves u to the moon and back .  pinned tweet ,  i agree #3yearswithbts	0
love yall sis	0
i can sponsor dm me for more info . 	0
my favorite movies ever	0
ahh how exciting ,  i had a mini meltdown the night of my wedding as i didnt want to take mine off! so sad it was all over	1
i got a roof over my head and the woman i love laying in my bed	0
im good now	0
um i dont know if youre talking about another vane or me	1
idc ill buy new ones and learn how to type foo cuz idk what you just said	0
ok im hungry	1
not bad ,  exams (as youve probably guessed) haha	0
yes it is!	0
im about to try and go without all social media all summer .  except snapchat . 	1
my golf is as polarised as the nation over #euref long game is dog short game is magic .  another weekend off to work on it	2
my darling niece nth much to say to u la .  .  just tht im very blessed to have u in my life .  . i love you so so so much	0
my darling niece nth much to say to u la .  .  just tht im very blessed to have u in my life .  . i love you so so so much	0
youre the only comedian i follow ,  and i have regrets good night	0
youre the only comedian i follow ,  and i have regrets good night	0
finna get real nasty for him if he let me	1
you know i gotta say some dumb stuff	0
happy birthday turn up	2
when people tell you goodnight early af but you were really sleep so they feel retarded when you wake up	0
doesnt mean i work part time my pay is a few millions	2
doesnt mean i work part time my pay is a few millions	4
for like 15 days	0
why does all the crazy shit happen on the island  .  rip to the mall in the mall though	1
anyone else ever just randomly choke on your saliva ? 	0
i see the world has finally woken up to about time . 	0
same	0
walking down st charles and god damn theres some fine ass girls here	0
i havent been home all day	1
really ?  i havent watched almost any fancams i wonder what happened to his mood that day	3
yeay!	0
fine	0
that was enough to make me actually listen to it . 	0
lmao ill be up	0
so are you my kind lovely lady ,  and your welcome! my new gorgeous friend	0
hahaha so why the fuck did you follow me ?  i was just but if youre gonna act all "i dont know you" shit	0
draymond green winning mvp tonight #nbafinals	0
i dont think my mom planned on being in barnes and noble for an hour	0
happy birthday to the bro  ,  see you soon	2
this tree is about 38 yrs old! it also survived my moms backing into it with the car the year after we planted!	0
smoking on this gorilla glu	1
hay fever is a bitch	1
got a lil crack in my phone	4
yayyyy no hangover i think lol	0
mouth is literally on fire i can not deal	4
happy birthday baby	0
i would love to	1
26th! hby ? 	0
thank you	0
told that nigga theres a meeting in my bedroom	0
im hungry but its 3:30am	3
im hungry but its 3:30am	5
i wish i had a worship place .  or my own place  . 	1
i love you & miss you!!!	1
yay juno is on	0
so now im going to be working the deli/ cashier	2
so now im going to be working the deli/ cashier	4
ha! a bit	0
december not coming fast enough	1
lmfao omg stop	0
cant believe i have to go to work on a public holiday should be used to it by now .  but	1
cant believe i have to go to work on a public holiday should be used to it by now .  but	5
i need a sugar daddy	0
they coming after you	0
make disciples of all nations!	0
i would	0
oh my gosh	5
leg day	1
him dead fi real now .  danny	1
it looks great though .  i cant wait to see more of this	0
i would get done for drink driving in my wheelchair seriously it will be good to meet up	0
yes not at all like s1	1
yes ,  im free ! her visit is up	0
jake bugg does not disappoint	0
******* was problem	0
ahhhhh! this makes me happy reckon you can lose 4lb next week ? 	0
yea laugh at that lul ho	0
can we get it jukin	0
forever mad that i can get a free puppy but im not allowed to	1
ride or die ?  nah im gonna ride and youre gonna die	0
whats sad is that i know how to make you vanish out of them too	1
i love this	0
varejao in the locker room like i dont care anyway i still got my ring	1
you know which is the largest country of this world ?  #friendzone	0
suspicion okay ?  not confirmed guilty yet .  whats wrong with the haters	1
back	0
times up! how did you guys do ?  i read nothing because im getting ready to go see the conjuring 2 .  -carrie	0
happy birthday my cupcake enjoy your day youre growing up so fast i cant handle	1
friend shotange leann 8 10	0
its your birthday happy birthday dude hope youre having a great time	0
shit we have plenty of those ig "models" in nyc .  im a model too my ugly mugs all over my ig!	0
hearing my brothers doctors fighting over different treatments is very nerve racking	3
some friendships are better over text .  .  .  . 	4
yes very true .  .  cannot stand people scamming others!! but there are a few groups that are for fans for the show and actors	0
my parents approve	2
had such a lovely day today ,  awwww	0
ahahahah lol ! i go around & talk to like everyone ahaha but okay i willl	0
im glad i survived midnight diner .  i kept getting hungry while watching that drama the food he serves tho	1
because its such a good song!	0
omg .  .  . sherri are you a shopaholic or hoarder ?  #noshade	0
#microsoft to #apple on #wwdc “try beating this ,  hipsters!” #linkedin	0
i never thought that something like this would affect me so much	1
me either	4
aww how sweet but nah preciate it brozay	0
thats a wrap for basement tournament 6! 3rd ethan nick  .  .  . i got 7th and john got 5th	0
happy birthday to the queen i hope u have a great day	0
im not smart enough to go to college wtf . 	1
dr . birali is going to host the party .  .  just pass vako le ni k party dinu	0
dr . birali is going to host the party .  .  just pass vako le ni k party dinu	2
dr . birali is going to host the party .  .  just pass vako le ni k party dinu	4
facebook pages have a different design! have you guys seen it yet ?  opinions ? 	3
wake up .  kick ass .  repeat! #mondaymotivation #letsdothis	0
i cant wait to see an xray of my foot . 	0
everybody goin to college	1
ill be there to get my money right after the game	0
eh i serious one but horhhhh the next sem havent start	0
happy birthday bro !!!!	0
birds spread encephalitis ? 	3
aww thank you!!!! that means a lot to me!	0
you dont need to diet .  you look fabulous as you are	0
its looking reallll	0
its looking reallll	1
#competition never been	0
i ate na but my head still hurts	1
love wedding rings	0
good morning!!!	0
you already know boi ,  we been coolin since the cabin ,  cant wait till you can really turn up again you a cool ass nigga	2
you already know boi ,  we been coolin since the cabin ,  cant wait till you can really turn up again you a cool ass nigga	0
thanks brodi	2
still too many to consider	1
waking up in the same mood from last night ugh	1
im really going through this shtxx by myself i think thats why i feel lik i regret the shtxx	1
idek drink wine that was just funny	0
i havent played undertale ,  but your drawing is very cool	3
everyone is moving forward but im just stuck in that same spot	1
man u know wassup . 	1
what a rough way to end the season	1
natural_language_classifier [standard] is up .  (unofficial) 2016-06-11 23:30:03 utc #bluemix	0
you make it hard to be grumpy	0
i want both	0
if you still havent kik me aestheticlizzy_	0
wherever went today  ,  i wanna go	0
never seen that before .  thats quite cool ,  yet utterly pointless at the same time	0
i cant believe that singer from the voice just got shot at the venue in florida	3
i cant believe that singer from the voice just got shot at the venue in florida	5
happy fathers day to all the daddys out there ,  you are appreciated .  especially the best one of all ,  mine!	0
you can give a nigga your last tooth ,  and hell use it to smile in another bitch face	2
you can give a nigga your last tooth ,  and hell use it to smile in another bitch face	4
not feeling well	0
curse him out on the regular just to make him sick	0
thank you!	0
bugz gonna get me salty if i put this shit on hold for nothing	1
love a good challenge! on my way to speak with our buyers	0
good answer ok bye see u tomorrow fat girl enjoy ur burger	0
good answer ok bye see u tomorrow fat girl enjoy ur burger	0
seen!	2
seen!	4
the way im living  .  .  .  .  the lord isnt gonna bless but i pray for forgiveness everyday !	1
the way im living  .  .  .  .  the lord isnt gonna bless but i pray for forgiveness everyday !	4
dissected a sheep brain today	0
now that the games about to start you tell me	1
i love mines ,  so love yours	0
this was me at coldplay	0
cunt read dms	0
my anxiety is so high right now	1
i miss e-town	1
if i retweet my own tweet ,  will i get a notification ? 	0
slide ona late night	0
- long time no chat i see a lot has changed lmao	0
missed it	0
im on a new level	0
well ,  this is awkward .  im sorry .  its completely unintentional .  my tumblr is linked here and just does it by itself .  sorry	1
mr inspiration ,  a true motivator based past experience ,  a fun guy infact a crazy fun guy to be with ,  ur laugh is unique ,  u & mira is	0
rip anton yelchin	1
allison came over to get ready with me and brought me a coffee	0
its so cute	1
im the son of a kelty man . (sung to "son of a preacher man"!	0
amir is so adorable .  he always looks happy to be alive . 	0
thank you!!	0
when dealing with me you must give me your attention 24/7 and if you dont ill mostly throw a fit	0
when dealing with me you must give me your attention 24/7 and if you dont ill mostly throw a fit	1
when dealing with me you must give me your attention 24/7 and if you dont ill mostly throw a fit	1
when dealing with me you must give me your attention 24/7 and if you dont ill mostly throw a fit	1
im so emotional i cry about	1
im so emotional i cry about	1
thanks pretty!	0
wtf lol thoughts ? 	2
wtf lol thoughts ? 	4
so smooth ,  so drinkable ,  i will be heartbroken when its all gone	1
so smooth ,  so drinkable ,  i will be heartbroken when its all gone	4
awn thanks pooh	0
freedom is great ,  cant believe i have 11-12 weeks of it	0
my parents cute asf and these hoes mad that my dad taken by someone better than yall hoes straight like that	0
its i cut grass this morning in a hoodie and sweatpants ,  with the hoodie string tied	0
that was a bomb ass nap on god	0
i only work three days this week and i cant wait until friday already	1
sorry boo	1
you know youve found the one when he can read through you just by the sound of your voice	0
just waiting for that q&a ik it will be a few days ,  but im waiting	0
just waiting for that q&a ik it will be a few days ,  but im waiting	0
thats what i get for being to nosey	0
"you belong in a cage" oh thanks angelina	0
funny how my detractors become so active as soon as i pop up on telly	0
lmao i saw this even tho you failed to me but same what ? 	1
aye i watch that bih like three	0
you better get packing again or you will get behind! your not sitting on the bagger	0
so tomorrows the last day that transformers will be filming on the 303 so whos down to go sneak on set with me ? 	0
i miss lil kimari so much mane	1
nigga use to call me justin timberlake  , just in cause like my name is jestin man	0
nigga use to call me justin timberlake  , just in cause like my name is jestin man	1
a sexy teedy . 	0
who has the mj face .  .  .  sorry buddy	1
i love how those ppl just dont know what theyre getting into	0
happy birthday !!	0
i am sad seeing these exes argue on fb .  its ugly	1
well shes cute	0
you just gave me a bunch of feels i wasnt ready	0
you just gave me a bunch of feels i wasnt ready	1
ugh i need to start mine	1
hate it when josh leaves in the morning ,  do you really need a job ?  can you not just stay here with me	1
youre mad its not you ,  huh ? 	1
thanks base	0
my favorite pony guard really got a ring man	1
i love her	1
ill be astonished if i see 35	0
song of bestival 2016 goes to hotline bling / iphone ringer remix .  please release this	0
lowkey or maybe high key i been peeped that you liked me	0
just loled so hard looking at our old instagram pictures who were we ? !	0
my #abondthatcantbebroken is so legit .  let him tell it ,  endless mfers try to get him to stop talking to me . 	0
it felt so good to finally lay on my bed	1
my nail caught on fire last night im so hurt	0
akas tweets keep decreasing every day .  i think they are removing all tweets that might count against his career from the past smart . 	1
bout to get home and tko since i havent slept since thursday	1
heard you was a lame so im posted with yo bae	0
ikr that squirrel & life motto but khei got lay	0
i want to go to made in america	1
take my hand lets see where we wake up tomorrow	0
im so dumb	0
right we just tryna find some real females	0
im crying all you do is lie	0
umm yesss!! i do love cute boozy nights with beautiful women	0
guess not .  .  scary times in this world . 	3
todays	1
cute! dos brows	0
not gon keep being on his dick	0
the jam and bread .  .  .  .  gonna be some weird lineup!	0
whos that lame in nonakhwezis bed ? ! #igazi	1
whos that lame in nonakhwezis bed ? ! #igazi	4
haha youre right	0
we do indeed!	0
finally got the popcorn i wanted since last night	0
never much love when i go ot	2
never much love when i go ot	5
ngizo vakasha hauw i kid just asking thought you was still in bloem	0
13 .  fav food ? 	1
uhm .  .  .  .  she meant nothing to me . 	0
when your girlfriend says gundie ?  its burgundy  ? 	0
dont work tmrw so i wanna do something	0
happiest bday bibble baby bocaaa we love you so fucking much were so proud of you finally! you made itttt	0
happiest bday bibble baby bocaaa we love you so fucking much were so proud of you finally! you made itttt	0
happiest bday bibble baby bocaaa we love you so fucking much were so proud of you finally! you made itttt	1
i am a lost boy from neverland	0
bad shot ,  bwisit	1
not really ! iv also ran out of beer	3
not really ! iv also ran out of beer	5
shawty silly	0
oomf really snapped the sex in the back seat	3
uve refused my love before .  rejected me .  n now u expect me to accept u again  ?  haha .  youre funny . 	0
settle for just the humiliation ? 	0
settle for just the humiliation ? 	0
yess the conjuring 2 was a good ass movie	0
lebron led both finals teams in points ,  rebounds ,  assists ,  steals ,  and blocks ,  and just said he shouldnt have been mvp . 	3
lebron led both finals teams in points ,  rebounds ,  assists ,  steals ,  and blocks ,  and just said he shouldnt have been mvp . 	5
 . @southwestair upon arriving home after a long day of traveling ,  i opened my suitcase to soaking wet + damaged clothes can you pls help ? 	1
i get sick and my body shuts down completely .  its been the worst	4
it would be cute	0
poor lady was training at bravo and spilled a tray of pop all over me	0
"momma call him klay ,  imma call him dunked on" - mark jackson	0
sharon rose popping up in front of the camera during the 7:55am update just made my morning .  i love it! #thanksforthechuckle	0
costa rica won 3-2! but lcfc gave up stoppage time goal to draw	1
i havent pack nothing yet imma get up early inna morning i guess	0
tgif!	1
the tl is so active	1
im losing so much weight from being sick  .  .  literally like 13 pounds	1
i love you . 	0
whenever they schedule me	1
all my money literally goes to food	0
im booooooored	1
it is but idk anything about contouring	1
you know i would if i didnt have to work	1
well that was an eventful blood test	2
well that was an eventful blood test	4
i remember getting fussed at for playing outside when it was too hot !	0
been up all day no nap bout to croakkkkkk	1
love you	0
giiiiiirl	0
when i stop fwu completely i delete you from all my social media and i delete your number i be like fuck you motherfucker	0
my girlfriend makes cute noises all the time ,  even in her sleep	0
seth just cant over it that hes on deans site .  believe it ,  sethie .  you still like him #deanambrose #sethrollins h…	0
the only games that they will air on tv today are #hunbel and #argvchi	2
the only games that they will air on tv today are #hunbel and #argvchi	4
ive got cold medicine ,  coffee ,  and tomorrow off from work .  live #criticalrole time!	0
thankk youu	0
fool ass	0
the power of elus beta do	0
nah thats all me	0
i love you too	0
yeah idk i just enjoyed it he said it all really funny	0
so whos sir captain jones ? 	3
so whos sir captain jones ? 	5
mine had italian but spoke english as he has lived here for a while	0
mines 4 ,  luke anthony mark brooks	0
my avi wont change	1
studying for exam .  i have tomorrow it	0
morniiiing . 	0
i dont like to buy jays or smoke thats just something a nigga is suppose to just give me	0
salted wound - sia	1
please make it work  .  .  .  we are waiting and never load your game its not working today !!!	4
please make it work  .  .  .  we are waiting and never load your game its not working today !!!	2
please make it work  .  .  .  we are waiting and never load your game its not working today !!!	1
when the weather matches your ideal aesthetic pure grey sky ,  bright green leaves ,  & dark brown bark	0
i was breathing into this girls ponytail and she didnt even move an inch .  .  .  im more concerned about my hygiene than her hair #sgtrain	1
you think tangelina bouta give me the car if i make my cousin stay home  ?  no think smart ho	0
glad to have a bath and get in my jammies! hubby is doing supper tonight ,  cant wait	0
should be good then	0
love you	0
rompes mis ilusiones	1
good place to be when its over 100°	0
we better hang out when i get back	1
ahah braces	0
our theme song	0
how rude	0
nobodies	3
no they dont	0
gone too soon #ripchristinagrimmie	1
today ,  on this day ,  yes today! i will eat rice! i repeat! riceeee!!!! you heard me nigga! (cheat day	0
today ,  on this day ,  yes today! i will eat rice! i repeat! riceeee!!!! you heard me nigga! (cheat day	2
today ,  on this day ,  yes today! i will eat rice! i repeat! riceeee!!!! you heard me nigga! (cheat day	4
if youre a its not a great idea to do 3 meets in 4 months .  i learned the hard way .  yet im still #9weeksout of my 4th meet . 	0
i miss my sister man	1
im a good person	0
thank you kelsea you and your boyfriend are cute together too	0
hello miss i also love the lion king!!! it taught hakuna matata! #sharethemagic #wonderfulph	0
hello miss i also love the lion king!!! it taught hakuna matata! #sharethemagic #wonderfulph	0
if only i could	1
marlee is waking up earlier .  but shes such a cool baby so its cool	0
going out on 10% is all bad	1
hope you guys are enjoying germany! have some beer ,  some wurst ,  maybe a schnitzel . 	0
lmao thats gon be our lives	0
anyone whos got 500 vc on nba come play me on nba 1v1v1 need money	0
chipotle run	0
youre right ,  ive corrected	0
bitch you dont want no problems w/ me . 	2
i really hope this hoeboy gotta be up at 5 today because im really bored and really want him to bother me	1
havent even met alissa in person and she already has a gift for me . 	1
#زعيم_تويترهيزودك_فولورز baaaaaack followers	0
#زعيم_تويترهيزودك_فولورز baaaaaack followers	0
when im irritated it shows on my face	1
life is amazing	0
dude really sat there an watch me cry my eyes out	1
i was being sarcastic you said we werent doing it today ,  so i rescheduled	0
this is terrible	1
heey zaddyyyy  .  havent talked to u in a minuteeeee but u used to stay havin me weak at schoo	0
heey zaddyyyy  .  havent talked to u in a minuteeeee but u used to stay havin me weak at schoo	1
same tbh	0
i been listening to fwu x partynextdoor for so long & i have to repeat it each time i hear it . 	1
you did it all quick	0
i know how it feels .  9th without my dad	1
draymond came to play	0
cant try to hold on to shit ouchea	4
wasnt excited about prom until now	1
thanks lisa but i just left vegas	0
they finna know you for being dead if you dont text me back	0
i am now youve said it #chocolate	5
5 .  you ever cheated ? 	3
lol idc . 	0
taking my bra off at the end of the day is the best feeling	1
grave . 	0
i did the right thing guys im so proud of myself	0
turn to a savage ,  pocket got fatter ,  she call me daddy	0
thank u hun	2
thank u hun	5
why do richie and i have so much laundry ? ! ? ! been at it since 4!!	1
im happy tomorrow friday my cousin off for the weekend i be missing her	0
news got me like	3
news got me like	5
becky g shower	0
ugly ass	1
see i dunno if i wanna go and see the theatre version cos its not the same songs .  .  .  and i just dont know if i can do it	0
thanks to for helping me pick out the shoes im going to wear at my wedding!	0
back to greys anatomy #netflixandchill #bymyself #bcdaddyainthere #notmyfathertho	0
back to greys anatomy #netflixandchill #bymyself #bcdaddyainthere #notmyfathertho	1
something about a man actually caring for animals like dogs attracts me lol not sure why	3
something about a man actually caring for animals like dogs attracts me lol not sure why	5
im gonna miss all my friends	4
went to see finding dory again	0
any friend of patrick ianellis is a friend to me	4
i lowkey love you && idk you	1
again not just british thang	0
making an evan peters edit	0
 ,  just want some head in a comfortable bed	0
juelz talking about i seen a fly & killed it cause you know i hate insects boy get out my face	0
craving crawfish so bad rn	1
the smallest things make me happy	0
she is the only person i want to be with ,  forever .  i couldnt ask for more .  forever thankful for mas existence in my life ya allah	1
what is this life of having moves but wanting to stay in the house	1
i do it how you say you want it	0
cant wait for you to become famous and create an eye shadow pallette please name a sparkly one sassy j after me	0
haha yall are so cute ill let you know if i buy a ticket	0
bitches be looking like somebody old ass auntie	0
good old ronnie fleg	0
i think its time for the hey big head text	1
happy fathers day to all the papa out there  . 	0
love	0
love	0
thank you!	0
ill also chip in for stuff	0
lmao this is me asf minus the vegan	0
im craving so much bad shit	1
you are so cute	0
havent flat ironed my hair since god knows when	0
i cant even update myself when will my phone be back	2
i cant even update myself when will my phone be back	4
thanks janab  ,  cake to ab isb aa k he khaun ga	0
awww thanks!	0
this brewery was cool until they played nickelback	2
this brewery was cool until they played nickelback	4
i just wanna take a day trip to the beach ,  but i dont wanna go alone . 	1
all i heard was *skuuuuuuurt* *boom bang boom bang boom* i was on the bed like ooooow shit! somebody got chipped lmfao	3
all i heard was *skuuuuuuurt* *boom bang boom bang boom* i was on the bed like ooooow shit! somebody got chipped lmfao	5
truestory	0
more piercings comin soon	0
i do that most of the time ,  but a lot of people dont!	0
i am pretty sure that i am a thought-leader	0
feel like im dying	4
lucky goal from payet! bring on the swiss .  .  .  .  #eurosweepstake #euro2016	2
lucky goal from payet! bring on the swiss .  .  .  .  #eurosweepstake #euro2016	5
lucky goal from payet! bring on the swiss .  .  .  .  #eurosweepstake #euro2016	3
lucky goal from payet! bring on the swiss .  .  .  .  #eurosweepstake #euro2016	5
cookout date ?  i can afford all that rich nigga shit .  you can definitely get a milkshake tho . 	0
cookout date ?  i can afford all that rich nigga shit .  you can definitely get a milkshake tho . 	0
"if its not nadine i probably rather be alone" - james on pairing to other girls .  keep this in mind you kr tards it…	0
were you a fan  ?  #ripchristina	1
ive been wanting tacos for the longest	1
but the whole city loved scoota yo especially the kids i dont know one child that cant do the bird flu or know the song	1
them hoes be banging thou	0
i love u too denise .  you sound like an amazing person to talk to . 	0
thank you are you and sean coming to the bonfire tonight ? 	0
i miss you to	1
go! if i was in michigan i would go	1
baby want me to get these braids but ion know	1
idk how my friends always convince me to get on these #onlinedating sites yes this is a new time but bruh its not for everyone #frogs	1
come get yall boyfriends off my line	0
i cant believe this nigga aubrey had the nerve to say i suck at football	0
at least i got to see messi play one of his last games for argentina in person .  hate to see the goat go out like this tho #copaamerica	1
helpless is a horrible feeling .  i just wanna be with my mom . 	1
but that was a good steal	2
but that was a good steal	4
i dont know if i feel sick or just a lazy bum	0
alright dummy	0
lt yung 2 . 	0
happy birthday hope you enjoy it	0
i got too many friends on sc	1
lol i just might	0
mcdonalds is a trap ,  trust me ,  i worked there	2
mcdonalds is a trap ,  trust me ,  i worked there	4
smoothies+carol= happiness	0
haha thank you sooo much	0
well , thats amazing anyways! bc you are seeing/touching him again	0
of course not	0
i like spending money so it sounded like a good idea	0
this pain	1
this nba season is bittersweet .  kobe retired but seeing him drop 60 was legendary .  also what the warriors did all season was amazing	1
im always doing something at the last minute	0
my last 4th of july was shit and im pretty sure this one will be too	0
ascot tomorrow	0
did you see the abuse we got on the fb event all because the schedule wasnt ready yet! ?  #notpaidforthisshit	3
did you see the abuse we got on the fb event all because the schedule wasnt ready yet! ?  #notpaidforthisshit	5
i wish you could set twitter to not show adds of scary movies when youre scrolling through because you cant sleep	4
my older brother and his hoodlum friends r in the kitchen and i just wanna make breakfast . 	1
i hate when im dying laughing at something and somebody kill me vibe by saying "its not that funny" go jump off a cliff so i can laugh	0
having about 35 clips out of my left knee this afternoon .  just ordered extra tramadol for lunch with paracetamol for desert . 	0
please do	1
cant believe its been that long happy fathers day papa gray	1
mmmmmm imma write you another note and give it to carlen	0
these jeans baby ,  they not true religion	1
its called life	1
the cats eaten my fish and chips	2
the cats eaten my fish and chips	4
happy birthday noe! much love	0
oh honey they look so nice *said in nail lady accent*	0
mood up .  .  .  im going to	2
mood up .  .  .  im going to	4
i feel like ive lost you	1
last summer i didnt gaf about nothing really . 	0
i want like 1gb of space but this will do if i dont want to delete cute jungkook pics	4
your eyes are full of language	0
dont know why i tell myself im a good driver nearly kill myself and nan everyday	0
thanks louiee just saw this!	1
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x60 , 238	0
curtis put a fucking booger on me then lifted his ass ,  farted and waved it towards me . 	4
the craziest/funniest/ most annoying shit is that everybody think im a liar lmao i always tell the truth	1
realest tweet that i had to reply cus i already retweeted	0
bello gonna be so packed today graduation parties smh	1
coming from pittsburgh now	0
dats whats wrong with dis generation .  .  .  dey believe everything dey see on da internet or on tv . 	2
dats whats wrong with dis generation .  .  .  dey believe everything dey see on da internet or on tv . 	4
of course! im hoping to meet her someday	0
glod down i think	0
hmmm the "akhggghhh"	1
ive always said i was more a rugby fan anyway	0
sooooo im locked outta my snapchat .  .  why ?  just why ? 	2
sooooo im locked outta my snapchat .  .  why ?  just why ? 	4
gets us in trouble	0
i have no words .  *hugs*	1
be strong although it very hurt !	1
see wena une-vision in this thing called life	0
telling tanya to ask my mom cuz if i asked shed say no #growingupwithstrictparents	0
okay i think im the only one up	1
and i are having a birthday party in august .  whos tryna go	2
my homeboy got a pit bull puppy for $125 .  i want it	1
but girl i only see u wear black ? !	2
fuck!! hell of an ending ,  i dont see the warriors gettin lucky here	2
fuck!! hell of an ending ,  i dont see the warriors gettin lucky here	5
you been on that headline course ?  see what you did there .  .  . 	0
doesnt that mean youd need to be at bootcamp thought	0
guess the celebrity • last round the first person to get it right wins a harry styles dm (with correct spellings)! htt…	0
college entrance test for 2 days and its start tomorrow goodluck for me	0
my back got the best of me today	1
i need a fucking cigarette this shit aggravating as fuck bruh	2
i need a fucking cigarette this shit aggravating as fuck bruh	4
im so fucking tired	1
omg cant sleep	1
hey its my birthday itd mean the whole world to me if you spend a few seconds to follow me love u so much zking x5o7	0
i am actually	0
i got your back blood dont trip	0
three including you	0
im finna cop my ticket .  niggas playing lol imma go dolo i guess	0
im fuming too!	2
thank you so much .  i am happy that you liked #vienna .  have never been to australia ,  but many times to #england and love it	0
thank you so much .  i am happy that you liked #vienna .  have never been to australia ,  but many times to #england and love it	0
yall females swear yall some commentators when the game be on . 	0
yall	0
fathers day tmr and its on the 15th	1
sorry mum i had a jacket on i just took it off for the photo missing you x x x x	0
sorry mum i had a jacket on i just took it off for the photo missing you x x x x	1
sleeping! sleeping is fun jk	0
if hes there ,  im dressing like a nun	0
look i have no words we just wont talk about it	2
look i have no words we just wont talk about it	5
well im not but the convos go on .  joy	0
alone .  .  send help	1
i still cant find it	1
i miss old school saturday morning cartoons	1
lol thanks mac	0
one more episode	1
yuf .  most legit so far . 	0
excited to do some glitter pics with today	0
i thought of you when i saw the tweet! how about that dog in the middle happy baby!	0
i am see you there mama	2
i am see you there mama	0
stop! go to the store	0
thank you for retweeting your bias loves you	0
thank you for retweeting your bias loves you	0
thank you for retweeting your bias loves you	0
awe otay maybe another	1
i love overwatch so much	3
i love overwatch so much	5
*heres not hes .  sorry	0
the flights are so expensive right now	1
gut if you go out ,  you wont stay out .  idk ,  i might be nuts .  will surely be a lot of needless crap in between tho	1
you can really retweet your own tweet	1
it sure is ,  jen! #welovesale	0
so sunburnt	1
you already know	0
thank you	0
i don’t think y’all have any idea how much this is killing me right now	1
oh shoot that reminds me i needa ice my arm	0
proud of you!!	0
awe ,  thanks .  hes perfect . 	0
i cant drink boba for a month but pekoe sounds so good	1
somebody wanna wake me up at 9:30 10ish ? 	0
yes huh	1
i think inma really enjoy pv !	0
miss u	0
i immediately regret this update .  why the fuck is all of twitter navy blue  ?  ? 	3
i immediately regret this update .  why the fuck is all of twitter navy blue  ?  ? 	5
mon chat dans ma story	0
project z	2
i can feel myself getting sick	1
i look sooo gross i just hope i dont bump into anybody i know	0
you have brought us happiness with your one of a kind personality we love you #aldubebtrumpets htt…	0
hello	0
i love dancing in my panties	0
put it this way say some random ass bitch jumps you and starts shanking you to death (as a guy) and u punch her	0
i love you	1
im waiting to go to school .  today it has math do you realize just how bad is it ? 	1
gud am happy #aldubgoldenweeksary	0
should have done it yesterday when sterling was worth more	0
my neighbouring county voted leave and now im worried .  .  . 	4
work was pretty straight today	0
way too excited to see what the new flavours are	0
me ?  a bully ?  ?  ? 	3
me ?  a bully ?  ?  ? 	5
literally slept the whole day	0
lunch with bruder	0
almost 13hrs na shift sa office .  thank you lord ,  i survived . 	0
almost 13hrs na shift sa office .  thank you lord ,  i survived . 	0
almost 13hrs na shift sa office .  thank you lord ,  i survived . 	1
almost 13hrs na shift sa office .  thank you lord ,  i survived . 	5
i think buying this costco size bag of trail mix nuts was a bad idea cause ive been tooting like crazy today	1
i think buying this costco size bag of trail mix nuts was a bad idea cause ive been tooting like crazy today	5
it honestly makes me so happy to see people here at vidcon with free hugs signs	0
im bout to rt all my best tweets	0
free shots is all fun and games until you realize you have to work a double tomorrow	0
yeah cuz youre a big girl na	0
my bad	1
he came and dropped that money on me  .  "long as i got you ,  you dont need no okaaayyyy  . 	0
he came and dropped that money on me  .  "long as i got you ,  you dont need no okaaayyyy  . 	0
a pizookie sounds so fire	1
i just had a flash back to when the skating rink was cool .  #no #gross	2
i just had a flash back to when the skating rink was cool .  #no #gross	5
hype we got off early tho whats the move ?  lol	0
you preach it girl #istandbybrad	0
greys anatomy makes me so fuckin sad	1
you will - i always discover innovative products - really useful event for me!	0
i know summer just got here and all ,  but i really cant wait for fall .  sweaters and flannel shirts 24/7 . 	0
signal for phone not too good today	1
f is for fire that burns down the whole town u is for uranium .  .  .  bombs n is for no survivorss d-	3
f is for fire that burns down the whole town u is for uranium .  .  .  bombs n is for no survivorss d-	3
f is for fire that burns down the whole town u is for uranium .  .  .  bombs n is for no survivorss d-	5
assist off the post	0
assist off the post	5
i think this ones different	0
just whores ? 	0
just whores ? 	0
just whores ? 	0
servant leaders filled the venue #du30sajune30	0
im glad	0
mines more of a stand up wee every now and again	0
weve been talking for three days and i still dont know his name	0
when bae call yu spoiled nicca yu did it	2
when bae call yu spoiled nicca yu did it	4
i just caught up with hero no academia and i was tearing up a bit ahh i dont want to spoil ahaha	1
mixed girls are life	0
im not satisfied with beyonce performance	1
follow me bae ,  is very important for me man , i love you the best of world and you make me happy x96	0
youll never break my heart ,  papa	0
i be feeling like im annoying to people so i just stop talking to them or id be texting	0
bye mayne . 	0
happy birthday ava dont get too wild gf	0
uh no i dont	0
eya and cross	0
didnt get a dm back in a minute but you chill asf .  .  .  you less one birthday gift	0
didnt get a dm back in a minute but you chill asf .  .  .  you less one birthday gift	0
this that chicago chiraq chkt u betta keep a gun and it can happen anytime no matter where u from #ongodsoul	0
this that chicago chiraq chkt u betta keep a gun and it can happen anytime no matter where u from #ongodsoul	2
this that chicago chiraq chkt u betta keep a gun and it can happen anytime no matter where u from #ongodsoul	4
nap time perfect	0
ew i think so . 	4
i have been allowed 15 mins on here before i go out	0
watching the conjuring 2 .  max .  volume=1	0
im such a baby .  like let me hug n rub n kiss u pls	1
i wish it was easy to make plans	0
slays at life	0
i dont understand how girls up & decide to go blonde in one day .  like it took me 2 and a half years to be as blonde as i am	0
damn i need some new fuck this shit depressing listening to this old ass music	1
i really miss my pool	1
it is so frustrating	4
chanyeol literally told his crazy fans to fuck off if they have nothing nice to say just leave .  .  . they left his ig and went on taeyeons	1
me next time	0
really hope these new girls pick it up .  i dont wanna fire anybody	1
thanks for the follow! have a great day!	0
wisdom tooth growin in man	1
makin curry chicken & shrimp	0
setting alarm to 6am	0
all naptown please remember buses are free june 28-july 4 .  dump the pump! ride the buses .  meet you there	0
ive literally never even been in a healthy relationship ,  i wont even know what it is	0
ezria = i used to ship them s1-2 but now ehhh .  . 	4
i do and leafs but def not no telos with all them chemicals and toxins	4
i love how lebron looked down on curry after blocking his shot straight savage	0
psh look whos talking!	0
the moment you get the "i need to talk to you" text	3
the moment you get the "i need to talk to you" text	5
getting sick	1
just because you major in psychology doesnt mean your a psychic	0
woah sorry for the late response .  .  just downloaded twitter for the first time in forever haha miss you though!!	0
there is something for you friends	0
never mind babe	0
im ready to get these braces off	1
thank you	0
shatasia better text me tf back	2
shatasia better text me tf back	4
bff havent seen you in forever lls (2 weeks )	0
alright just hmu	0
these flipagrams so sad	1
yass	0
bout to say thats an expensive ass trip	0
last presentation for this sem	0
take the glasses off yr fitter without them , get some contacts	0
one more time before i goooooo	0
you got it dude	0
im trying to use my left thumb and right index and middle finger but the struggle is real	0
knew i was sleepy when i uber to work this morning bc i was going fall asleep driving	1
shes so out of it i gotta get her out the house	0
shes so out of it i gotta get her out the house	1
i cheated on my diet & now im feeling guilty af .  .  .  .  . smh im sick	1
im going to have so much fun tomorrow	0
i need to work on zombies cause #bo3	1
i basically talk to 3 people on whatsapp .  everyone else just seems annoying	2
i basically talk to 3 people on whatsapp .  everyone else just seems annoying	4
everybody getting killed shit gotta stop sick of hearing r . i . p	1
im so tired of working on my damn car i just wanna burn one down & start fresh on it tomorrow	0
im down	0
wooow ,  my brothers playoff game today was insane!!! #w #coaching	3
wooow ,  my brothers playoff game today was insane!!! #w #coaching	5
stressed out	1
that moment when you dont need an alarm or have no choice of music .  .  cause it came from the adjacent room #slitinthewall #inconsiderate	2
happy birthday	0
migraine tried to take me out nope! not tonight!!! shower:shower:+ lavender oil massage + bath =	1
migraine tried to take me out nope! not tonight!!! shower:shower:+ lavender oil massage + bath =	4
nice beard ,  piscatella	0
honestly i expect that to happen	1
did yall see how close i was to lil uzi thooo	1
eggs remind me of -&gt ; 	0
not when you 2 weeks behind on homework and you got mad shit going on the "l" is looking right!	0
in need of a spicy 4pc nugget	1
aah ,  you ,  got that one tak fer dat with n whistles	0
aah ,  you ,  got that one tak fer dat with n whistles	0
aah ,  you ,  got that one tak fer dat with n whistles	0
why is there a post your panties challenge regardless ?  why do females want validation from ppl who know nothing about vaginas ? 	0
i wish ethan would post the pic already but we learned in the stripped down challenge that he has to take 1m pics for instance #ethanshair	1
anything for you bitch queen	0
2 dislikes means 2 views of that makes a difference	0
never been this confused before	1
a plus to being awkward is watching other people have small awkward talks and laughing because you understand	0
yup the nike hat is essential but everyone else wears it to show respect to our fellow comrades of the roadman army	0
thank you	0
you have no choice	0
all yall animals have fun at zoovie  .  . get locked in the zoo	0
lol i do it better	0
couldnt tell you the last time i slept through the night	1
u got my tears rn	1
this reminds me of you as a little kid	0
they keep calling me for what	2
they keep calling me for what	4
miriam and i must be stopped	1
i am running out of love here ,  need a refill asap .  . 	0
i was kidding on the last part .  .  .  .  .  .  sorta not really yolo	0
congrats to i know youll make it far sorry for not making yesterday	0
its over	1
happy birthday girl! thanks for the longest snap streak i got so far haha hope ya have an amazing day!	0
im real life in tears dude how could they do that oitnb is cold blooded	1
rest in peace we love you you were so talented . 	0
a lot of yall aint build for the league . 	0
my whole body is sunburnt	1
too many ppl "accidentally" watch my snaps my shit went from 501 to 358	0
too many ppl "accidentally" watch my snaps my shit went from 501 to 358	1
i will be .  its just one strip going down my boob .  its still super red/blistered over .  so no sun for me for awhile . 	1
flu game by the was 19 years ago today	3
flu game by the was 19 years ago today	5
today is the day i go and buy that hennessy bottle! its been my dream	0
lmao stop but welcome	0
daisy is a trip when shes high	0
thank you!! imysm kc! huhu bond soon	0
no i dont	1
he was determined to not pull out	0
these animals tryna kill humans everyday ,  tf goin on	0
poussey & soso are my favorite	0
lmfao cut it came on and well you know me man	0
lmfao torey lanez voice sounds like a kazoo . 	1
this is going to be a long ass month	1
watched southpaw last night ,  great movie .  just enough action for me and soppyness for the mrs! she also enjoyed jake gyllenhall	0
thank u love	0
hes going to need more than milk for that!	0
me too girl	1
wetness all around me ,  true ,  but im no island .  peninsula maybe	0
"doubling the body count inside that club would have been a beautiful sight . "	4
in so much pain	1
unfortunately i didnt	2
unfortunately i didnt	4
even though i want warriors to win it all ,  im calling cavs in 6 .  im not ready for basketball to be over .  #nbafinals #bandwagontalk	0
even though i want warriors to win it all ,  im calling cavs in 6 .  im not ready for basketball to be over .  #nbafinals #bandwagontalk	1
son if his dirty ass laugh that loud again im going punch him right in his shit i do not like jermaine bruh!	2
son if his dirty ass laugh that loud again im going punch him right in his shit i do not like jermaine bruh!	4
shell never like me now . 	1
left the room and i come back and tyler has his arms stretched out waiting for me to come back its the little things	0
i forgot who said it ,  but they said ,  unfollow your locals and watch your skin clear up	0
oh .  gtf im on a mission	0
yeah so shut the fuck up and respect my opinion m8	0
i knew that jail wasnt for me the first time i got arrested and they told me i would have to take my weave out	0
i think thats dan ,  the driver guy i had poor dan	0
jadan is the best story teller i swear	0
my do not disturb isnt even on yet	1
we got beat by vikings	2
getting into my feelings there i go placing an order for two more books	2
getting into my feelings there i go placing an order for two more books	5
thats the problem ,  lol .  i cant	2
thats the problem ,  lol .  i cant	4
rey be at work	1
the win took my mind of the docs visit today	0
sad real world #gbgh is over	1
your fucking buggin	4
i need to go visit my old friends from high school .  i miss them aka &	1
i love you so much im your fan #brazil	0
#jeffreymiller4mmva hope you win	0
so was thats cause we were texting and i felt all the excitement through the phone . 	0
why all these females just wanna fuck	1
same	1
trust issue is real . 	0
the conjuring 2	0
i miss you so much i wish you could be here with me watching our son grow #happyfathersday	1
i want roosters	1
so lost without my whip	1
i attract both genders  ,  arent i the shit	0
rotator cuff tear #ouch	1
the cute ass worker from the movies kept looking at me yes boo come and get it	0
the cute ass worker from the movies kept looking at me yes boo come and get it	1
theyre with the slough volunteers and on their way to their rightful owners right now! hang in there friend #deliveryday	3
at work ,  ready to go home	1
if monday had a face ,  ill kiss #workmode #thankyoujesus	0
if monday had a face ,  ill kiss #workmode #thankyoujesus	0
if monday had a face ,  ill kiss #workmode #thankyoujesus	0
yooo wtff is that david otugna ? 	0
when the same thing happened at southern	0
oh dear see if you have the 3 day tickets i assume you wont have to keep a stamp for three days ? 	0
oh dear see if you have the 3 day tickets i assume you wont have to keep a stamp for three days ? 	0
i just need cuddles and chocolate at this point . 	1
5 hra of sleep .  goodnight!	1
gym be good to me	1
im so fckn tired like i cannot im just ready to go home	1
bored so why not make a twitter	0
i agree! a very useful early evening alternative to bollocks!	0
lol what are friends for	0
my babies	0
jennifer singing the hell out of that song	1
jennifer singing the hell out of that song	5
thank you! i just said the same to you xx	0
haha i thought you were having a tommy hilfiger shoot with soph i need some th i feel left out	0
soooo sleepy	1
live on!!	0
tbh the idea of going to a new school in a new city ,  with new people and no drama excites me	0
coming home to wa this monday for a week	0
two dayssssss rassssss	0
thanks buddy!	0
bitch not slick	0
yeah its rough ! i wanted to shoot myself on monday	1
it was my pleasure! and thank you	0
i can never think of things to do with money until im broke	0
oh and the hat and handbag has to match!	0
whenever my grandma comes to the states she brings me hundreds of them	0
i predicted the panda & drake dubs	0
your girlfriend should always come before your bros at the end of the day .  .  .  who fucking you and sucking your dick ? 	0
happy birthday!!! heres hoping it happens today .  #thequeenisdead30	0
lol you know it have fun drink one for the homies b/c i cant say for me ,  i be livin that sober politician life	0
lol you know it have fun drink one for the homies b/c i cant say for me ,  i be livin that sober politician life	0
lmao no problem bro and same here #longhairboyz2k16	4
im happy	0
what i tell you you chop trees down to make money  .  .  im all for deforestation run up mf	0
where were u 3 hours ago	2
where were u 3 hours ago	4
weve got further than i expected	0
happy birthday hope you had a good one you deserve it !!!	0
happy birthday hope you had a good one you deserve it !!!	0
can today just be over already first i blow a u joint in my car and now this done with today	1
get my weight right so i can b like trina fine ass	0
congratulations maham	0
i got angels all around me they keep me surrounded	0
ahaha! brilliant! thats the way to do it! bottoms up	0
well be waiting for you	0
yes i am! im so excited	0
when ur brother locked out of his car	0
you give us #olicity wedding photoshoot & we forget all about baby mama drama h…	1
like get it tf together . 	2
tweeting because i have nothing else to do and im not sleepy	1
it did	0
lol you mustve thought i was a lil nigga	2
lol you mustve thought i was a lil nigga	4
cabbage is that you ? 	0
kyleigh done worked a nerve	4
we are now linked with draxler imagine if mourinho pulls off ibra ,  mkhitaryan and draxler	3
we are now linked with draxler imagine if mourinho pulls off ibra ,  mkhitaryan and draxler	5
ill not complain about something that hurts me more than twice .  nope thats for you to decide .  meanwhile in my head ,  were done	0
awww poor baby come with me and we can have some fun	0
awww poor baby come with me and we can have some fun	0
y so busy	0
tired of people hitting me up when they need something from me	2
tired of people hitting me up when they need something from me	4
i hate applying for jobs	1
gonna be able to retweet yer own tweets soon	0
hes a pro .  im only a dancer	1
happy b-day miss you boy!	0
mine ran out 2 days ago	0
mine ran out 2 days ago	2
mine ran out 2 days ago	4
i jus be woolin	0
apple ios 10 new features seems interesting ?  yeah have a look at android n first . 	0
fucking dead	0
were big fans of you too!	0
id die yo	1
can you tell my birth date then ? ! #ucbaba	0
yeah	1
yeah	4
why cant i sleep !!	1
why cant i sleep !!	4
beautifull	0
- lexo plexo  .  .  you family you know how we rock	0
justin bieber is embarrassing	1
got me bouta cry	0
got me bouta cry	1
it went from cloudy to biblical real quick . 	3
it went from cloudy to biblical real quick . 	5
lmao it took me about 3 weeks go realize bey wasnt talking about a real cat	1
oh you bet  .  im so scandalous	0
bitch ill fuck yo life up && maybe throw this tea in yo face stay in your lane hoebitch	0
man .  .  these refs . 	1
i think i messed up . 	1
helmick going to be borrowing it ?  ? 	0
love getting fresh fries from mcdonalds	0
today is perfect	0
hmmm whos your favorite	0
yes indeed mate	0
knew you were the best person .  will give it a try ,  but only because you know your oss	0
knew you were the best person .  will give it a try ,  but only because you know your oss	0
why am i still up	1
never will	0
next time i go to the store im gonna have to get it	0
waking up at 5 got it damn near impossible for me to sleep in	1
im going homeeeee	0
i hate moval and theyre dumbass streetsweepers that dont even clean shit	4
one month ago were playing in rome and i was soooo happy italy misses you guys (yeah verona too	1
dude thats the worst question from a guest aw i miss you	0
dude thats the worst question from a guest aw i miss you	1
this is so uglyyy	0
i have no idea who to ask ?  ? 	0
synchro	0
eating healthy is hard	1
get over it	0
she is obsessed with making cocktails mind	0
not the eu referendum! sad day for the uk ;  really believe the majority vote got it wrong i guess i feel good about dog cuddles	1
thats what i was saying .  crazy how that can just happen at the gym	2
thats what i was saying .  crazy how that can just happen at the gym	5
im trying cam .  .  .  dont you see ? !	1
im trying cam .  .  .  dont you see ? !	1
im trying cam .  .  .  dont you see ? !	4
im trying cam .  .  .  dont you see ? !	1
werent you supposed to "jaw" me what happened to that pussy ? 	0
had a great night with	0
okay ,  lets sleep now ,  good night!	0
your feed is goals	0
im going all in and going big to create 3 different photo shoots  .  the question is what kind and how will it come out  ?  #youwillsee	0
my bday less then a month	1
im da best	0
had so much fun tonight	0
thanks man	0
so my bump is measuring a week small .  .  . i dont see how considering im constantly hungry and eat like a horse	0
you a down ass girl ! we need to hang out  .  lets go to the beach wish you the best with luis	0
not even gonna that	1
the weekend is gone so quickly	3
me and garrett are going to vegas in the middle of july and its supposed to be like 110 degrees	0
im actually dead	0
congrats ,  merlin wish you all the best as always take care and good luck on the title!	0
i just purchased 4 lipstick:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:@kyliecosmetics	0
it really was!! totally worth me shitting bricks the whole ride home	0
lol i aint mad at you .  .  .  . cause if an animal got more than 4 legs ,  i aint fuckin with it!	0
sooo want	0
this game is slipping away smh!	1
love you too brotha	1
yeah same! ill get both but love the away .  zlatan on the back	0
guess i was not rooting enough so sorry for #hun they played fantastic .  .  .  just this game wasnt really good	1
hi mad im autumn	2
hi mad im autumn	5
lmaooooo ima remember that hoe	0
whos ready to know about the new project by me and  ?  ? 	0
i gota shake this shit	0
i just left florida & i already wanna go back	1
lucky ass	2
lucky ass	4
dude	0
lauren has the recipes yall we gonna eat good tonight	0
four innocent victims in tel aviv .  20 innocent victims in orlando .  christina grimmie .  thoughts and prayers to the families . 	1
does this tutu make my butt look big ? 	0
food was good	0
i cant watch sad movies	1
my aunt met her husband of 18 years at my age	1
no problem	0
i p much favorite every selfie i see even if i dont know them	0
 .  .  .  .  you know how protective you are	0
retweet	0
okay speeding is illegal too caitlin dont mean shit lmao	0
great experience through security at airport - fast track definitely worth it! now enjoying breakfast in the	0
i really think i am getting sick ,  my stomach being queasy  ,  i been cold all day	4
sometimes i just dont wanna talk ,  just leave me alone	1
im about to go clean up my soundcloud ,  that joint is a mess rn	1
i have to say i wanted to punch the mc so bad at every ep it was unbearable ahah and welcome back ,  gosh ,  missed u	0
i can transform ya	0
cant wait til tomorrow gn	1
its gone so bad ,  i dont even get notifications now	0
happy 18th boi live it up	0
exciting .  good luck	0
this was ben and jeans rum shack	0
my throat has been sore for the past like 3 or 4 days now	2
my throat has been sore for the past like 3 or 4 days now	4
my parents problems are my problems	1
my tia is listening to if i could fly n i can hear it from my room	1
dudes get hurt one time and wana give up i feel sorry for yall what about when life gets hard you gone give up on life too huh ? 	0
dudes get hurt one time and wana give up i feel sorry for yall what about when life gets hard you gone give up on life too huh ? 	1
so not ready to go home	2
so not ready to go home	4
she says my "priorities arent straight" and i spend too much time on them which is true tbh but who really cares	0
i am ,  no room for mum	0
ramsey tho . 	0
this medicine needs to kick in now	1
are those actual triangls or vs ?  if the latter ill give you my discount code unless theyre on sale	0
we totally should! breakfast tomorrow ? 	0
goals	0
i always send him my swimming suit pictures	0
in the past week i havent had any energy to do anything	1
lol its fine idc	0
its so difficult to not tweet about football	0
i havent ate all day cause my throat hurts so bad	1
im so particular about how i want my nails and toe nails to look .  im a pest at the nail salon	1
lol with your grannies ?  watch you dont over excite them gav	0
i dont trust that "we just bestfriends " sorry not sorry	0
dont forget watch salam today dan jg dengan hastag #salamrctieps21	0
let me call my grandpa before i get cussed out	0
popcaan has actually become my fav uno	1
im pumped .  i get to hang with the crew	0
i sholl hope i dont fall asleep at this desk .  .  .  i just want to quit and go to bed	1
no mann ! she dont need to knoww !	0
looool misha	1
but this has been going on for over a week and its not improving	1
hi - sorry we only open on sunday for booked group cycle rides .  maybe soon though! thank you	0
i convinced my mom to get some #score	0
i tried to upgrade the to but it didnt work . 	4
oh god ,  this is hilarious i know of ural and aral ,  but oral is a whole new world for me .  wait ,  i mean!--	0
- you cute i still remember when i first saw you ,  you were the nicest outta the rest of yo shady friends lol	0
- you cute i still remember when i first saw you ,  you were the nicest outta the rest of yo shady friends lol	0
shawn porter is a fucking dog!!!!	4
me & kei be having two conversations going ,  we basically talk to ourselves	0
someone come with me tonight	0
i do what i wanna do	0
were (@amdsld and i) are gonna be a little late got held up! give us a couple minutes	0
a rack on left of patio tomato plants and a sign on right! i had to go back and check	0
happy 17th to this cant wait for later !!!!! (mike and dave is going to be our first r rate…	0
kick back lit .  slide through . 	0
buying all this stuff for tigerettes is making me broke but i wouldnt have it any other way	0
buying all this stuff for tigerettes is making me broke but i wouldnt have it any other way	1
meet day im jumping 47 feet in triple jump just wait on it #tracknation	2
i dont understand why all this hatred with them ?  why ?  what are they doing to you that you hate them ?  they wanna just love .  .  #loveislove	1
thank you hunny	0
joosh is my red ☆ but karma got him tonight when he stepped in poop walking me to my car!	0
well liked green latern	0
seems like everyone enjoying weekend	0
girl shut up i dont	0
thank you	0
glitter is beautiful & all but its annoyingly everywhere	1
u kno i always drip	0
in that case ,  single for life .  .  .  unless youre cheese dip then yes!	0
hello ,  i would like to listen to music never enough by please ,  thank you !! #1dprojectneverenough	0
hi hope you are fine and enjoying your well earned break! have a nice day ,  love you lots mind following me ?  • 516	0
takmarah ,  tapi a little bit dissapointed only . 	1
why my mom come in my room and she starts to slow wine in my mirror ?  if you dont get ya old ass .  .  .  . 	0
why my mom come in my room and she starts to slow wine in my mirror ?  if you dont get ya old ass .  .  .  . 	1
i love doing fuck all on a sunday	0
joey is this hard a nile special guy! cant believe my eye	5
my mom has her phone on my account	0
especially you baby	0
i cant think about nothing but pizza	1
#mainrahoonyanarahoon on the loop  . 	0
finally found your twitter	0
just told my sister i cant breathe and she forcefully tried to give me cpr and mouth to mouth	0
kings dominion tomorrow	0
me and the nigga i be fw crazy anger issues on 2827518	1
lmao my car is dirty girl	0
philippines loves you	0
its a few hoes jae wanna get gone he be wanting to really fight bitches . 	1
you get more gorgeous with age robbie	0
i need to find somebody to braid khamorah hair this upcoming week	1
why you acting like i support the lakers chief ?  their failure has never hurt me as long as kobe went out with a bang	0
why you acting like i support the lakers chief ?  their failure has never hurt me as long as kobe went out with a bang	0
im a girl of simple needs ,  all i really want is a pic of my faves meeting	0
my first package was 149 but i was row 8 so i paid 169 for row three but i get soundcheck and q&a session:red_heart:️	0
its okay now u can send me selfies n ill appreciate the beat ,  gorg	0
when your work makes new alcoholic drinks at the 9 am meeting and they say you can have them .  yas	0
hello ,  luke .  could you please take a second to follow  ?  you saved her life and she loves you so much .  x309	0
still want oomf	1
love the header	0
thankk youuuu !	1
i know my lifestyle is driving you crazy	0
like romeo santos oh my god i could listen to his sexy ass voice for days	1
thank you babes!	0
giving up doesnt mean youre weak ,  it only means youre strong enough to let go .  -dawn zulueta ,  love me tomorrow independence day hugot	0
im such a different person when you get to know me	0
when im in a mood i just think sleep is the answer	1
alcohol and me dont go along	0
my baby performed i love him i wish i was there baby	4
my baby performed i love him i wish i was there baby	1
sounds like a fitness program to me	0
blessing in abundance to u n yours	0
life is wonder ! oitnb came out yesterday and greys anatomy came out today	0
wyd ?  missed your birthday way late but happy late birthday	0
wyd ?  missed your birthday way late but happy late birthday	1
so when you guys celebrate your anniversary you dont need a gift ,  you got the tlc	0
great news! maybe you can post a "sneak peak" from todays shoot ?  pretty please ? 	0
-bad foreign -blue eyes -thick -cool asf -only russian ik	0
amen	0
i have a gut now and its not sexy	2
i have a gut now and its not sexy	5
i cant help but feel like its because you dont have the boys to back you up .  you were always the quiet one so i get it . 	0
low key really miss third wheeling with and zack	0
- you seem chill	0
this makes me so happy	0
then i get off at 3 instead of 4 .  the lord is great	0
then i get off at 3 instead of 4 .  the lord is great	0
always plotting my next move	0
ohhh jas	0
crazy crazy love	1
happy	0
talents include waking up sad	0
i did suggest that for vmworld but that didnt get signed off	0
right im confused	0
right im confused	1
im in love with your eyes	0
on tattend	0
someones tumblr says a lot about them .  like i could be friends with someone but i wont know how dirty they are until i see their tumblr	0
whoops day 3 day 4 day 5 but today all i wants is a rice	1
thanks holly	0
send emojis thru	0
calming down a little	0
i feel like i havent talked to monique in a while	1
#ennulaayiram mp3 songs #gopisundar u never disappoints	0
a breakdown video will be up later today! stay tuned!	0
just realized i didnt charge my phone	0
thugger thugger	0
darn it!! i say both!! im a sucker for the beach but not too long out	0
darn it!! i say both!! im a sucker for the beach but not too long out	1
not feeling practice	1
a month since i met them  .  lets go back please	1
haha i didnt even know i change it sorry	0
cheddar bacon cream cheese	0
we gotta have a sister to sister talk like asap when you coming home ? 	1
youre weird	0
hey reaunna girl you cool & you be so quiet	0
hey reaunna girl you cool & you be so quiet	0
shit so crazy man i was like 12	0
he just made me mad  ,  he picked it up earlier and licked it idk how his lil ass reached the table and got it	2
they talmmm bout lebron to la what	5
lowkey sad cause only my sister and lil brother will be at my graduation .  but oh well .  ill see the rest of my family in august	0
i would have almost drove to van wert if you would have been my date	0
you too mamas	0
im ready to go home and sleep the rest of the night	1
i see me	0
oooo he comin to winston next year	0
omg you are so fuckin beautiful your ey…	0
has it really been 2 years that ive graduated high school	2
has it really been 2 years that ive graduated high school	5
whaaaaa!!!! that is so exciting! congrats! #famous #iknowlibby	0
its funny cause he really know how to chew it	1
home girl said fuck a post bitch im bouta make a video	1
im actually going to bed right now	1
good to know that you happy	0
sent him some samples of his shit from high school	0
last day to eat anything i want	5
wow .  i never really expected it to happen . 	3
wow .  i never really expected it to happen . 	5
had a dream that today was gonna be thursday and now im both confused and disappointed #ineedmyvacation	1
gerrard better than pirlo	0
wish i could watch both wit you	0
except finch .  .  .  bitter me talking . 	0
good thing i was not blessed with a big ass	1
hauw sisi ,  was that necessary ?  #opw	3
hauw sisi ,  was that necessary ?  #opw	5
lets talk about handles though with ya stagnant ass dribbles	0
bc bike hue hai	2
it is so hardddd u knowwww	1
what a poem!	5
why it has to be this way	1
being broke is a disease ,  you might need	5
haha ive had a lot of those lately .  ic now .  . its fun to play w/his pics .  hes so yummy! whew h…	0
i can never stay awake in the car .  .  . 	1
lol i guess ion even care no one got mine but me so by all means expose	0
lol i guess ion even care no one got mine but me so by all means expose	0
carl caught his first body	1
going to class starving to death and i dont get out till 12	1
#ifibepresidentforoneday i go slash down the expenses of senators then increase my own	0
baby boy your no good for me	1
inda ku tais liur im so sorry hahahah .  dude do u wanna hangout my place soon ?  bawa controller mu hehe	0
i might need to try the nude  ,  whats it called  ? 	0
the apps test was light	2
i guess im invited .  ill see you there	0
not really	0
i think we should	2
we need to get boards	1
thank you ,  esgueng!	0
wow what a small world .  thats too funny!! good luck dealing with her	0
invite boys over	0
earphones on problems out	1
its gone be one of them close games have you on the edge	2
its gone be one of them close games have you on the edge	4
damn this new job! i cant come see you! break many legs and coffee soon please!	0
flight delayed . 	1
how happy are you	0
its literally way too hot ,  like i cant	1
love you gurl	0
all up in my feels tonight	1
ban it!	0
my internet keeps turning on and off and its making me sad cause i can watch anything on netflix	1
seriously plz !!	0
fuck all that mannn that food look good asf	1
how is getting a cold in the summer time a thing	1
i wanna model	1
i still can survive with this kind of connection	0
1 .  friend! dm me though i wanna get closer xx 2 .  minseok ,  jongins tragic hair 3 .  minseok 4 .  10/10 5 .  9/10	0
im dead wrong	0
- i see yaaa boyyy ion play bout that one but keep doing what you doing	0
- i see yaaa boyyy ion play bout that one but keep doing what you doing	0
you could take a hour to reply and id reply in 3 seconds im that type . 	0
where	0
when you finish early at work but cant leave cuz you gotta help these retards get done &gt ; 	2
when you finish early at work but cant leave cuz you gotta help these retards get done &gt ; 	4
cant wait to get a badass apartment/house aug 1st . 	0
sorry i missed it .  was at work	1
so many innocent ppl killed	1
you can do it	0
im sitting right next to carly and we are texting each other gifs	0
same . 	1
my life my rules who the hell are u	0
my life my rules who the hell are u	0
thats amazing	0
its rare af that ill double text or get mad for you not texting me back but if i do obviously i fw you but people dont…	2
its rare af that ill double text or get mad for you not texting me back but if i do obviously i fw you but people dont…	4
habanna outpost so horrible of a place to link boy	1
well be broke for sure .  broke and happy	0
its okay	0
sadly shes a senior ,  i dont think shed survive the trip	1
doubles with expert .  placements tomorrow afternoon	0
yep still doing my #runstreak day 304 .  i did #parkrun too .  unfortunately had an #asthma attack but still got round	0
taxis to anywhere decent from st .  neots are so expensive	1
follow the rules then you dack	0
of course you would bet a dollar	0
is the queen of gifs . 	0
just saw a blk guy friend say on fb im with trump .  my soul wept . 	1
lmao it did	1
rg3! heard you having trouble at practice w/ the browns sn but you cute & cool & you can ball	0
rg3! heard you having trouble at practice w/ the browns sn but you cute & cool & you can ball	0
rg3! heard you having trouble at practice w/ the browns sn but you cute & cool & you can ball	1
rg3! heard you having trouble at practice w/ the browns sn but you cute & cool & you can ball	1
melty	1
melty	5
im so on	0
bloody hell wales .  come on	1
you know how we rockin	0
really need an allowance just for data	1
cheers boooi .  hope youre good	0
i just wanna watch #oitnb	1
thought it was 6 but point taken	0
i dont be trying to put my problems on nobody but i needed yo ass this week im okay now	0
im getting my hair cut .  it better be dry when i get out	1
im getting my hair cut .  it better be dry when i get out	4
laying down cuddling with my blankets and pollow is the best	0
torrent ? 	5
what happen to me . 	0
hey whos working at the goose tn ?  ? 	0
haters gonna hate	0
poor messi	1
i need dates for argentina	1
you tha man	0
you tha man	0
this is the closest to throwing up	4
about to fry me some chicken	0
a bet	0
i havent had coffee in two weeks switched it up to some green tea	0
i havent had coffee in two weeks switched it up to some green tea	3
i havent had coffee in two weeks switched it up to some green tea	5
people keep telling me what they think my bf doing he dont have time to do everything yall say he doing	0
ew im rting my own tweets	0
#방탄소년단 #lovebts bts the brazilian fans love you	0
your welcome	0
it doesnt surprise me that #whiteprivilege exists ,  even in 2016 ,  but it does surprise how far this privilege can go #jocoxmp #	1
logan literally bought a shirt off a kids back last night because he liked it	0
best friend & babe said i dont like people . 	0
he said open your hand i was looking crazy & he said you cant show everybody this blessing i opened my hand it was a stack of 20s	1
too early in the morning to be looking all in my face	2
too early in the morning to be looking all in my face	4
stoppppppppp *cues rihmotions ,  deeedits ,  chrihedits*	1
oh goodness .  i should have seen that coming! #thankgoodnessformychastitybelt	0
god ide	0
whoa super intense #gameofthrones #battleofthebastards #justalittlevoilent	3
whoa super intense #gameofthrones #battleofthebastards #justalittlevoilent	5
anytime for you guys . 	0
well dont die whatever you do dont die!	0
i wonder how many people ask to get with you haha	0
kobe 11 mentality	4
i must have missed this or forgotten it	1
bored af with no one to talk to	1
lmao always make good choices so you dont suffer consequences	0
off thursday and friday	0
bamboos tomorrow version .  ang kalmado	0
bc i kno	1
great article steve it truly gave me chills its about time that the argos get a home the team/fans deserve	0
that was the best parttttttt	1
better than ever at that	0
please ? 	0
according to madison ,  jefferson ,  et al ,  properly disinterested landed gentry	0
some of the worst drivers ever are in gulf shores .  and i almost died twice today . 	1
#rt #sexysunday ➳ & bambiblacks:eight-pointed_star:️ #rtf #teambambiblacks… htt…	2
its what i feel	0
oh right forgot what jersey you wore on what day . 	0
my two faves	0
i ran out of characters	0
lovebug by the jonas brothers will always be relevant	0
ahan	0
4 more days and then ,  the adventures begin	0
cool just for fun	0
i really want spaghetti	1
i wanna expose you as well be nice or mean to me in dms	4
wherever we step we shift atmospheres make it powerful	0
im sorry	0
canon	0
no prob i had a good time	0
i have 250 love go first on account in bio ! i will give extra follows tell me when ur done	0
south east asia- where you can guess how long someone has been travelling by the shade of their tan	0
i hope the fuckingg cable drop	0
i told you hoe	0
this is bullshit	1
my lightskin heey ash you can hoop keep working but you went ghost	0
my lightskin heey ash you can hoop keep working but you went ghost	0
shittttt im happy are you	0
so why is this option for ps3 players and not ps4 ?  ?  what is wrong with you ?  no logic what so ever . 	4
getting the dog to be quiet when he barks at the door was a lot easier when he wasnt deaf	1
love it when plans fail	0
ohhhh shit you bad	0
finding dory made me happy and it actually was like a good slap in the face and therapy session	0
sure is .  wyd ?  ? 	0
how do u do dis	1
really want that new honda	1
sorry for the late reply .  just now seeing this tweet .  #maybe one day ill smile . 	0
happy birthday ,  ill always love you just the way you are so please dont change hope you had fuuuun!!	1
im thinking hotel for a weekend	0
justement	0
i was really tryna cake tonight	2
i was really tryna cake tonight	4
we use to talk everyday all day but i got you whenever you need me love you	0
i get money spend it in an hour  ,  get more and spend it again  .  .  . 	1
ugh doug needs friends and i need more puppies	1
looking forward to watching darts tonight in my country	0
decision making	0
happy birthday hope its a good one buddy	0
im having the time of my life!	0
the hot guy is reading a book and im pretty sure he thought i was checking him out .  . but i was only trying to see what book he was reading	0
i only sleep for like 3-5 hours .  i need me my medicine	1
roza is touching me	0
i took a good 3 hour nap earlier and now imma be up all damn night	0
i took a good 3 hour nap earlier and now imma be up all damn night	1
yes o yes o	0
love u pumpk	0
is quincy male or female ? 	0
sinaloa or what  ? 	1
i fr think & i would make great friends	1
idk havent looked that far into but i will	0
what can i say	0
happy birthday thottie my lil thick teammate sugah momma love you ugly:double_exclamation_mark:️ got the dub for ya	0
happy birthday thottie my lil thick teammate sugah momma love you ugly:double_exclamation_mark:️ got the dub for ya	0
happy birthday thottie my lil thick teammate sugah momma love you ugly:double_exclamation_mark:️ got the dub for ya	0
bizzzzzzowling tonight	0
nothing about us feeling right  .  .  .  .  but ill be back before the end of the night	1
this is how makk and is schedules are too	1
no doubt	0
dont think my legs have ever ached this much	1
srsly guise ,  hillary scares me . 	1
wanted elsewhere  .  so thats where im headed  . 	0
"cause your a good girl and you know it "	0
thats what i want to do like platinum blonde but im scared too	1
spoiled my mama today	0
lebron ,  whyyy . 	1
thanks for fixing my hair and make up tito lino	0
whatever	0
ahahahah ,  youre funny! and too kind .  so any tips to get me up to that 4/10 ? 	0
good thing is they can still relax game 6 a chance and game 7 back home wit my dude green ! its ok	0
okay kids . 	0
july is going to be amazing	0
like im not kidding when i saw i saw an estimated 10 girls just wipe out today	0
down for wingstop	0
okay	0
my spirit just told me not to worry about anything this morning .  and look at what happens	0
my fucking hair doesnt want to work and cooperate .  need a haircut and do it a certain way .  uhhhhhh .  .  .  . 	4
lately ive just been on one of those streaks where everyone and everything annoys me . 	0
i was at work for the first one and by the time i got home id missed half anyway	0
youve a real chance against our politiboks .  hope you dont though good luck . 	0
this looks beautiful! is it your hotel ? 	0
shots fired niggas scatter a shots a hit whatever	2
i need somebody who is good at physics to be my new bestfriend	0
thankyou	0
in words of fuck a hating ass bitch & a bitch nigga . 	0
what i would not give if you send me a video like this ?  or at least notice me	1
just got off an im tired af	4
sleepy but these fools is all over	2
sleepy but these fools is all over	4
really like those cavs sleeved jerseys .  that collar	0
i drunk to much tequila	4
lets make gala ? 	0
thanks liz!	0
the pies arent cooked only the meat is n it looked like sick but ye i could see you n fat linda together	0
things got messy	1
private show w/the music blastin  . 	0
haha loved your introduction it sounds ok xxx i told you electronic knee jerk will murder clappy fol…	0
i cheered with him	0
i show you off and love you	0
i wish was my mom so she can buy me all the toys king have	1
jeez ,  my teacher wastes so much paper #savethetrees	1
tomorrow i gots to i have nothing & my hair appointment friday	1
hi love! everythings perfetc why lets be mutuals if ya want you need a friend to talk to dm me anytime mines always open	0
hi love! everythings perfetc why lets be mutuals if ya want you need a friend to talk to dm me anytime mines always open	1
worst cold ,  i feel rotten	2
its been a while but youre a cutie	0
its been a while but youre a cutie	1
is that exciting ?  terrifying ?  both ?  it sounds like the beginning of a story .  .  .  alone in a vast ,  dark universe .  .  . 	0
why are people so fucking ignorant	2
why are people so fucking ignorant	4
loveeeee when my card gets blocked .  decent that	0
lol okay ,  ill check in the morning	0
thank you pretty girl	0
like i said i could never believe someone who has lied to me multiple times it co . es a time were you gotta cut em off forever	1
my doxie does that all the time .  she knows i cant leave that way .  .  . 	0
im super excited about my future plans	0
lol! its my stormtrooper backpack!	0
i wanna have a water fight	1
exactly! but really ,  who could put a price on a good book!	0
yay ^-^ found you via craftingvegeto and suggested videos so i took a little peep and i really like them ^-^	0
eyes popped open at half 6	1
eyes popped open at half 6	4
passed my exam	0
lmao if only they knew how experienced you are	0
you have horrible time and expectation management skills  .  welcome	0
i swear every time i talk to my father i always get bad news	1
my pawpaw birthday is coming up and i miss him so much	1
you and me both but damn that dont help	1
she like do i gotta bring my weed wit me im like hell na bih you know i be chiefin keef she like ha ha ha you mean to me	1
its been 2 hrs . 	2
its been 2 hrs . 	4
coming from a little puppy	0
thankyou .  i hope i can wear it for my raya!	0
& i keep a 30 clip on me	2
"anyone not drinking is disrespecting our queen!" ~tyrionlannister wahaha! #gameofthrones #noone #gotseason6	0
excited to see today	0
thank you em you are too kind .  love ya	0
fuck u back to sleep girl	0
martin on yall already kno & this the one when gina head get stuck inna headboard	0
guess whos blonde	0
im gonna have norteño ,  ratchet music .  .  .  .  and a lot of alcohol for my 21st birthday ,  just wait on it #april2017	2
its about that time to call the cops	2
i miss my boyfriend	1
awww you guys are great i love you	0
i do and i follow you on insta ,  youre beautiful mashaallah	0
in southwest floating	0
pogba in mood tonight then	0
i need to start drawing again ,  i havent drawn in months	1
definitely .  we could be here a while . 	0
yea what gm said!	0
want someone to myself & myself only but ill wait like i been doing	0
that massacre in orlando is beyond sad still	1
them grown ass ladies	0
this a game frfr	3
this a game frfr	5
much better	0
happy birthday youre really beautiful	0
phillyyyyy!!! whats sup	0
absolute joke!	2
i was up til 3 am bc the nerds wanted to play cah and we just ended up gossiping for 2 hours	2
i was up til 3 am bc the nerds wanted to play cah and we just ended up gossiping for 2 hours	4
when the fade is jussssst right	0
ok this is still a writer account ,  i just love messing with warcraft rp accounts because i love khadgar and medivh so much	0
ok this is still a writer account ,  i just love messing with warcraft rp accounts because i love khadgar and medivh so much	0
omg wth i be playing what videos you showing tuggy  ? 	0
thanks for rts everyone on scouting paper patterns for sewing rescue/homeless dogs coats just dm ,  or ask for a dm .  happy to cover costs . 	0
i need one more follower	1
- uuuummmmm im avoiding the calls from	0
"im supposed to be in bed and these bitches pissen me off im not even gonna sleep now" ariana my a1 for a reason	0
thanks pete , youre a sweetheart . 	0
ldf yet staying strong	0
i literally have the best friends thanks for me and ibukuns surprise party yall da best	0
day one has me so dead and day 2 starts in 7 hours	0
literally could be the littlest thing	1
my service is so bad .  i cant even sc people back there goes all my streaks	1
shit got my mind wondering	1
waiting for the day scott notices me	0
my cousin is in india and she is sick over there . 	1
off to school! first day	0
too soon to call bro	2
too soon to call bro	5
hahahahah yes always you . 	0
riley needa go to sleep over here looking like vince	2
riley needa go to sleep over here looking like vince	4
cheat meal day! wait thats everyday . 	0
happy birthday buddy i hope you have a great day	0
ur so bad	0
pick me up	0
finally watching the tonys online .  leave me alone for three hours!!!!	0
the part about getting treated like a rockstar at a court petition on wednesday evening	0
& squads out to ac	0
i made one with the mario brothers it didnt get picked tho	0
oh haha so funny	0
7:30am class tom	1
man im hungry	1
that joyous feeling when you finally get the amazing 10!!! now if only i could be elevated after 4 htcs in row ,   ?   ; )	0
it actually aint that hard ,  its just the waking up part thats hard	0
when chocolate power gets stuck in the opening of your protein shaker so u just stick ur tongue in it and hope no ones watching . 	0
well you wont like nuns afterwards	0
im at peace	0
piper was lying for alex and got added time  ,  but alex done went home	1
youre welcome .  ive seen your works . i mean ,  even was impressed with ur dc videos .  . 	0
giselle left my house with my fav shoes	1
#زعيم_تويتر_الاول baaaack follow hooonn	0
switch on the telly ,  first thing i see is de bruyne . 	0
yooohooo!!! fighting	0
not feeling proud to be british anymore . 	1
im drunk on netflix trying to find something to watch	0
clearly	0
spaghetti ,  a blue moon and a mellow mango joint so thankful for this moment	0
i actually want peru to win only so mexico can wreck them	0
annnnnnnd i will kill oomf if he ever come at me again	4
interview monday! so excited!	0
why does this always happen to me	1
junsu do something to save your friend	1
omg #fra what happened ? !	5
a year ago today i was in today im sweating my ass off in the gym	1
aye thanks for last night love	2
fback bb pls	0
im so serious bro . 	1
stupid sloooot	2
youre the hottest person to walk this green earth	0
no they not dont say that .  we just love a different way	1
dont get slap . 	0
i actually am changing it	0
oooo i have beeper! youll love them	0
cant imagine my life without my lola thanks la for preparin my unis	0
cant imagine my life without my lola thanks la for preparin my unis	0
i seriously over pack all the time . 	1
me time	0
oitnb in a few hours	0
at least you put in some effort	0
15/06/2016*** good morning! lets start this day the right way! join us on 95 . 4 between 6-9am #ujfmbreakfast	0
might have gotten decorating lessons from my 13 yo	0
hey loving the new death valley ep & the emotional muddy water sound tracking #oitnb finale!! any plans please to gig uk/ireland	0
my clavicle sore	0
i said this yesterday and they was over me	0
29 now correction	0
must be witchcraft witchcraft	0
i forgot that hyung will enlist this year before .  then i red my prev rt .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 	1
ah nice to meet you mister tomoki how was your day ? 	0
and dev was teasing her so much about finding someone else and she was like "no no no no!"	0
ur killing me omg	0
remaining hopeful!	0
i can be at times	2
i can be at times	5
why my ex from 5 years ago call my phone & be like  .  .  hello .  .  oh i didnt mean to call you  .  .  but wassup boy how did you get my number	0
everyones in bits at these service stations on the m5	0
my life & phone so dry but they say i got hoes fuck out of here  .  .  . 	0
yes girl of course	2
if lauren isnt the most inspiring ,  caring  ,  beautiful ,  amazing human being on earth idk who is	1
if you follow me .  .  idk what im going to do i think im gonna cry bc i have done a lot of things for you	2
but tbh i aint fuckin wit ya if you regularly smoke blacks bih	0
if you got cheated on in all yo relationships ,  u might wanna reevaluate yoself #ijs	0
you are my world and i am proud of whatever role you take on  .  .  all the best on your upcoming projects!!!!	0
sorry baby	1
i dont f with google . 	2
i dont f with google . 	4
thanks  .  .  i will  .  .  i love you too	0
thanks  .  .  i will  .  .  i love you too	0
ive been killed twice today	1
me too	0
hamo sila magbago .  theyre just like the weather .  theres nothing permanent in this world .  kahit ikaw nagbabago din	0
wtf is going on	1
omg yes !	0
when you said you wanted to leave 10 mins early to get breakfast but youre still laying in bed after your shower	1
somebody tell them i wanna join	1
malunch	0
-bsp -staff -backyard cooking -ganda -gsc/feu	0
-bsp -staff -backyard cooking -ganda -gsc/feu	0
organizing squad trips is stressful	2
organizing squad trips is stressful	4
in two days ,  i will be a college graduate!! it wasnt easy but i persevered .  next university! maybe law school will follow . 	0
my sneezes be so extra	0
i am so tigang even with the fact that ive known (and seen) the recent updates (including pictures & videos) about them	1
tbh im too lazy to cheat & i got a bad conscious	1
why is there a petition to redo the referendum not sure you can just ask for a do over cos you didnt get your own way on a vote	0
why is there a petition to redo the referendum not sure you can just ask for a do over cos you didnt get your own way on a vote	0
damn my ankle is swollen and hurts so bad from running like 2 miles down a mountain in the middle of the night friday	0
i want to go see finding dory	1
no problem	0
cant wait to get home & see my baby kilo	0
but anywho  ,  at work waiting to clock in	2
but anywho  ,  at work waiting to clock in	4
is that bad  ? 	0
thanks captain!	0
i instantly thought of you man tried to lie on me	0
dsa is full of fake people ,  snakes ,  and rats . 	1
congrats to virat kohli for reaching 11 million followers on twitter give 10% of followers to me	0
bruh i legit just met ryan clark	0
man i really dont have nobody to talk to	1
aww you too	0
aww you too	0
falto more	1
if we aint 21 they be tryna say it aint love	0
lanchow	0
time for me to stop being ugly	1
#happybirthdaylucyhale i u you are and amazing actress and an excellent person! congratulations have a good day! liar . 	0
#happybirthdaylucyhale i u you are and amazing actress and an excellent person! congratulations have a good day! liar . 	0
i have a cut on my foot ,  that split open .  .  so deep ,  i feel like i cant even walk on it	0
*grabs another bag of chips* because im tired of eating chicken noodle fuckin soup	4
happy birthday! i hope you enjoy it and turn up	0
love you too	0
take someone life from em ,  they dont know how it feel	4
im tryna get so lit this weekend  . 	0
shouldve left your ass where you was at:face_with_rolling_eyes: .  under my instagram pictures	1
good morning gorgeous have a blessed day hope the training goes ok love and hugs #teamlh	0
wanna go out somewhere tonight	1
aww will ill be checking up on you okay	1
yall niggas ducks why you wearing designer but cant pronounce hermés ?  "hurmeez" aint a word fam foh	0
how long will you stay in thailand ? 	0
lebron has nothing left to prove .  everything else is just barbecue chicken	0
wishing i had friends here .  could go for a hike . 	1
throwback to when we ran pong and hit 8 mf shots in row .  bro wasnt playing	0
thanks	0
just the thought of it ijwesp tbh	0
just the thought of it ijwesp tbh	0
just the thought of it ijwesp tbh	1
im legit happy that i finally got my nails done because they was a hot mess	0
games on = do not disturb me	0
 ,  wake & bakes delayed	0
happy birthday	0
flew to chicago tonight to surprise the fam	0
i miss laurel ,  my dog ,  and my xbox	1
i guess	0
get me into #re7 pleaseeee	1
why my girl so sexy	1
hope youve dried out now and are enjoying a well deserved vino	0
lol you know the old me not the new me	0
wishing everyone a blessed poson poya day	0
getting real tired of finding random bug bites	2
getting real tired of finding random bug bites	4
oh my gosh	0
wow perfect woman of the universum	0
finally got me some tommy hilfiger high waisted jeans	0
seeing somebody lose their bf forever is just so heartbreaking .  i wouldnt wanna know the feeling	1
seeing somebody lose their bf forever is just so heartbreaking .  i wouldnt wanna know the feeling	4
happy happy birthday! hope all your dreams come true this weekend cant wait to see you! hurry up already so we can tu	0
that was super gross!	0
ur right	0
i feel like its the 2000 all over again with waiting for these episodes	1
dayumm .  .  .  . this #mexicovschile #copaamerica match feels like im watching a 40pt #goldenstatewarriors beat down .  poor #mexico	1
i could probably meet more people if i wasnt so busy avoiding the ones i know	0
i was suppose to go to mexico to visit my dad but now i get to go to new york to visit my uncle	0
you suppose to think positive eric damn cause imma be outside from 10 to 4 with bad as kids	2
you suppose to think positive eric damn cause imma be outside from 10 to 4 with bad as kids	4
brazils goal keeper	0
i dont do that either i better get on that	0
vt after work	0
right	0
terrence #pslovesgirlie	0
 god put ppl in yo life to waste yo time  .   .   .  or to open yo eyes up	3
 god put ppl in yo life to waste yo time  .   .   .  or to open yo eyes up	5
it was ,  i feel for kady though!! no one can deny theyd act the same as that	0
i got work now get ya money son	0
#playhouseatlanta tonight w/ my girls	0
miss you and i just saw you last week but seriously youre the coolest	0
enter me in #jendiygiveaway hope i win this 445	1
you gunna have to run my fade	4
i do love travelling with holidaymakers on the train .  "oh go on then .  .  . ill have a quick swig . "	0
you made that pretty obvious	0
2016 has def been my year of stepping out my comfort zone n wildin but its not even over yet	1
yaz this kid should jst go to entabeni klaar orata dilo neh! ?  kanye is…	0
that mino lyrics tweet got many rts but i misspelled basicks name im sorry oppa	1
thank you kelly!	1
met sahuuuurrrr .  .  .  getting ready for another busy week	0
i just want today to be over	1
i just want today to be over	4
love life with god okay gd haha	0
spotted on	0
i feel your pain	1
didnt realize how out there you was	0
but i am soft	1
the fact some of the dunkirk cast member like my pic on instagram im freaking out	0
my eyes are terribly heavy right now a nap is needed	1
thought it was a game	0
dude ,  they have hacky sack t-shirts! i miss you ,  can we hang when i get back from the beach ? 	0
keith is so done	0
my dream is to hear an play i could be the one live	1
19/1/15 stats with enigma and one rampage yeay	0
just friends is an amazing book	0
i dont even know if i have a screenshot of it	1
- im bta watch a movie	1
lol not the right one but close enough but thank you boo	0
lol not the right one but close enough but thank you boo	0
lol not the right one but close enough but thank you boo	0
i wanna go to a concert so bad	1
hell yea and its just the second week	4
you right .  you did sacrifice yourself for me .  im sorry for being selfish	0
i need to stop buying makeup for a little while .  .  .  maybe a week or not	1
crediting aint hard . 	2
crediting aint hard . 	5
good afternoon	0
all i do all day is eat ,  sleep and watch tv	1
fuck my mom is making pozole & shes talkin bout making it with pork & im so sad	1
lol no but i still investigate	0
my lips look nice af! ill kiss them mfs	0
my lips look nice af! ill kiss them mfs	0
hahaha now you know!!! jk	0
want mozzarella sticks from fridays	1
drinking wine and binge watching vanderpump rules	0
which ones breavis and which ones butt head ? 	0
i love your face ( your eyes)	0
i love your face ( your eyes)	0
some people will hang around a different crowd & change to a whole completely different person	3
some people will hang around a different crowd & change to a whole completely different person	5
bring back normila .  .  .  ill buy you french baguette	0
lol that pic	0
han hyo joo unnie cant wait to see you in drama again its been 6 years already	0
as long as shes happy  ,  even with or without me .  im training her how to live without me  ,  and now she made it  ,  th…	0
im waiting	1
portugal needs a manager who makes his team build a goal ;  not look for ronaldo ,  stop ,  and start praying he scores	0
did you have a good night tho	0
im at ease now but i enjoyed the shit out of my weekend finna tune into my daily dose of #oitnb	0
i feel like ima throw up	4
look he seems like a nice guy but fuk curry ,  man just come out the woodworks last few years! nah he dont deserve thats shit	0
summer 16 is really here	0
why do i even bother trying anymore ? 	1
the braids	0
gsw with the shits rite now	1
lol i blocked her  ,  she be commenting up under my posts embarrassing me	0
sushi it disgusting	4
bed is bae .  .  .  . bae is bed	0
fr gnna miss my aunty rip mane	1
writing this speech for graduation got me stressing	1
really need to make my way to houston	1
when 03 bonnie & clyde is on the radio	0
when yu gotta work & miss sunday dinner &lt ; &lt ; 	1
aaa bendee	0
just wanna know wtf is going on . 	1
im so ready for new video	0
these jhope fancams are ending me	1
mustangs and drive ways	0
weekend been nothing but mad love	1
all the adorable old italian men speaking in their napulitano dialect over coffee at the mall . 	0
jay keeps hurting his finger he broke	2
omfg youre going ?  ?  ?  ? 	1
r . i . p .  grandpa	1
you too kweetie!	0
hate people who act brand new	1
first day of class .  .  .  awwwww	1
caps arent winning the cup this year or ever until were all dead	1
oh okay .  i was wondering if you were okay in there .  but have a good day friend . 	0
got my data back and dont know how to act	0
aw im so sorry for your loss	1
i seriously hate when my sister takes my clothes w/o asking	2
i seriously hate when my sister takes my clothes w/o asking	4
seriously though what is 2016 ?  it feels a lot like a horrible glitch in a virtual reality game .  where did we last hit save ? 	0
i seen this play in leicester	0
sorry your brother gave me plans first	2
sorry your brother gave me plans first	5
nba definitely on some bullshit .  .  .  suspending draymond for some bullshit	2
nba definitely on some bullshit .  .  .  suspending draymond for some bullshit	4
hes too cute	0
yeah yeah yeah	0
music is always hella on point with thanks for keepin it lit	0
i found my bits	0
that was so bad omg	1
that was so bad omg	4
okay im done .  happy rant over . 	0
bet  ,  dm #	0
i spend all my money on makeup and i am not ashamed at all	1
bless you! you will pick it up-no problem!	0
i miss cheer camp in high school	1
i just got back from my run and was chased by a small pomeranian dog ive never been so scared for my life	1
country girls yee	0
country girls yee	0
country girls yee	1
i occasionally enjoy the nba and am very much pulling for the cavs .  but the #collegeworldseries is better . 	0
making this easy money	0
aw ,  ahaha thats alright . 	0
aslan is bad	0
i love the way i feel after i shower so relaxing	1
summer 2016 is going by too fast	1
think about that	2
think about that	4
indeed . 	0
i want some spaghetti	4
breaking in new heels is so painful	1
waseem uncle ?  ?  ?  ap ti bhai thy	0
i get hit with the reads too much hmu if you wont	0
i get hit with the reads too much hmu if you wont	1
kanye is soo problematic	1
sending "uy imy!" messages to random people i missed very very light lmao	0
thts still a long time	0
i could really go for some chik fil a right now damn	3
i could really go for some chik fil a right now damn	5
they also remain unbeaten	0
been battling flu since the early hours of this morning . 	1
seriously tho	1
for a dm with -mbf and turn notifics on -rt pinned picking at 7+ rts	0
i miss you so much bro .  things just feel so empty without you i hope you always know how much you are loved .  .  . 	1
i miss you so much bro .  things just feel so empty without you i hope you always know how much you are loved .  .  . 	5
thank you	0
childhood friends .  .  . 	1
i wanna go do something	1
make me numb nelson , make me numb #sarafina	2
make me numb nelson , make me numb #sarafina	4
lolly	1
some people gone be ugly and lame forever	0
didnt even notice that my bday is in 8 days	0
"lisa left eye" "crazy eyes"	1
i had to hold back my laughter  .  .  . im not encouraging you	0
wonder if youll want all of those in such close vicinity after 3 weeks of wearing them!	4
make us some for tomorrow	0
"i like it rough . " im sorry ,  i meant to say "i like it though . " autocorrect and swipe-typing dont always mix well ,  eh ? 	0
youre so beautiful like fuhhhhh	0
when the match was announced it was scheduled to be on the pre show ,  and should have stayed there	0
what do they call that look ,  "clinging on to my thirties" ? 	0
juicy * lol	3
juicy * lol	5
bobby said he aint got problems .  .  well for now lol	2
i hope youre feeling better have a great weekend!	0
random do you still drive ?  not meaning can you ,  but do you ,  my goal is to have a driver ,  i am so over it:double_exclamation_mark:️	0
^ wondering what photo shoot shes doing this time! cant wait to see it	0
love this ,  in the next year or two when it grows stronger than its ever been what are then in voters gonna say then ?  ? 	0
i need someone with dwayne waynes personality	1
i hate this "country" music we have today	2
i hate this "country" music we have today	4
ugh .  dat game tho . 	1
i hate the song my beyonce bruh reminds me of a fuck nigga bitch ass lying ass frog looking ass boy!!	0
exactly .  dummied down sjws	0
my name is kazzy malik and i am a certified g and a mandy loving maniac and you cant teach that	0
i need to hug you so bad	1
does anybody wanna ft me  ?  just dm me im kind bored	0
ive only had 1 game in 11 weeks	1
you know what to say bih	0
and i saw kittens today right around the 1 mile mark and we wanted to kittennap them so bad but we couldnt	1
happy birthday!	0
swear me neither never noticed the bandoooo emoji	0
i wanted starbucks	0
damn i know you be cramped asf i feel like theres not enough room to get what you need to get done and you always gotta	0
i have so many engagement and baby shower gifts to get when did we all grow up ? 	3
i have so many engagement and baby shower gifts to get when did we all grow up ? 	5
i hope when im 97 ill still be sexually active . 	0
aw ,  you are lovely btw ,  what size are you ?  i take steroids and anti-psychotics and am now huge but with an incredible .  .  . 	0
thank you helia! you have a special weekend to come i know!	0
i love you all guys godbless!	0
lmao its just like a cute little nickname	0
kin sochon me thay	0
have a good day	0
ctfu dont be annoying meel	1
came to latanya house && got fed thats a real love ya there	0
came to latanya house && got fed thats a real love ya there	0
came to latanya house && got fed thats a real love ya there	1
you dont understand she was so young stupid ass guard	1
you dont understand she was so young stupid ass guard	1
lmboooo	0
lmboooo	0
lmboooo	0
lmboooo	0
lmfao like when people u dont like say hi to you	0
tokyo lobby on 59th and bell	0
what would you do without me	0
welcome bb hope exo l notice ur account	0
dang the side had no weapon and still got shot at	1
i know that its a million ymcas	2
i know that its a million ymcas	4
id say lil john .  just a guess though	0
hungry all day everyday	1
i swear i miss my #gramfam	1
i only got like 1 hour of sleep sis .  pray for me	1
i only got like 1 hour of sleep sis .  pray for me	4
happy birthday to someone i would actually love to have a happy birthday	0
counting days for 13/7	0
with the dance plz	0
from bbs	1
definitely more excited to see finding dory than alyssa is	0
always	0
oh my god im so sorry i was busy w school stuff hopefully you managed to contact her in time  ; - ; 	1
u got hugged	0
just excited for zomboy and getter at beta next month	0
these silly jokes need to stop	1
yes ,  thats the one!	0
no need to apologize	0
getting real tired of this shit	2
getting real tired of this shit	4
on our way to the hotel in nyc	2
ive got two ribs out and stickin straight up into the bottom of one of my tits so be gentle ,  you huggy motherfucka	2
howd we make it back to the hotel last night	3
howd we make it back to the hotel last night	5
jay so mf funny i just cried laughing at this man	0
jay so mf funny i just cried laughing at this man	1
my cousin had her baby	0
i i wish a bitch would	0
i i wish a bitch would	1
thanks babe so are u	0
so stoked cant wait to get my groove thang shakin	0
im acting in his best interests when he ends up at cska moscow	1
man i love his beard ,  its so perfect . 	1
u smile i smile	0
fuckin crazy	0
im gonna have an awesome week off whatever the case	0
youre a joke	1
perhaps it might be more politic to say he lacks courage of convictions #feelthebern #seeyouinphilly	0
im going on a boat tour by myself ,  how lame . 	0
lets go!!!!!!	0
yess pep i kno yu kno what thats bout! hard to respect it when it was given and not worked for!	0
and im at yo baby momma house	0
out tonight	0
she aint no fun if her nipples aint done	0
i deal with you tho babe	0
dear fantagio  ,  please let us to see our boys at 2nd mv teaser thank you . 	2
dear fantagio  ,  please let us to see our boys at 2nd mv teaser thank you . 	4
no seriously  . 	1
you too . 	0
i really dont get my mom sometimes	0
exciting! were looking forward to having you both onboard matthew ^se	0
all i want is calum to hold me	1
and ill be live tweeting them all	0
daughter got called a tomboy today ,  as she likes looking at insects i despair . 	1
so cute!! the dogs not bad either	0
so many feelings for the wrong people	0
gon snap chat me weird as hell	1
like you	0
1 .  theres nothing wrong with wanting to look nice  ,  2 .  how do you know theyre decent	0
she stay saying "yeah yeah wey wey tell me anything" i wouldnt lie to u baby	0
she stay saying "yeah yeah wey wey tell me anything" i wouldnt lie to u baby	0
my son is 9 months smalla and i still rock him to sleep he wont sleep on his own	1
if carly posts one more picture of a cicada on her snap chat i might block her	4
i wanted to rent a photobooth for my bday but theyre too expensivee!!	1
finallyyyy registering in a dance studio	1
we can definitely try	0
youre so salty today i can tell	0
havent seen you in a while i hope youre doing good .  love you and your sister	0
need an iceland corner for 50 quid and its not gonna happen	1
the grass is a mess ,  ruined by kids and cats	0
thank you	0
i swear i think about sex all day	1
follow + rt = followback #wakacyjnefolllowspree #letniefolllowspree #czerwcowefolllowspree #followspree	0
i just wanna throw up & sleep	1
fever ,  cough ,  headache ,  throat hurts what else do i need ? 	0
wake up	3
wake up	5
its actually jonathans mine is tomorrow lmao	0
my girl doesnt like me going on dates with cuties like you ill have to ask	0
thank you ,  you too	0
tøp is lifee and how are u ? 	0
ill laugh if that seventeen member watches mozart and bias is performing . 	0
is that egg with that yummy avocado ? 	0
thats ok central	0
ill drill dem joints	0
frustration setting in for & me luckily #game7 on sunday at home! you can still do this #goldenstate #nbafinals	4
i know im not the thinnest  ,  prettiest  ,  blah blah blah  ,  but my self confidence is it  ,  and cant nobody knock me off mine	0
still he should come on cod	0
no just mentioning the globe word in my tweet . 	0
i feel like im 5 .  my mom gave me lunch money	0
alicia spoils every movie known to man	2
alicia spoils every movie known to man	4
he gomn	0
real friends let you lay on their couch and pour out your feelings while they cook you food and tell you its gone be okay	1
i find it hilarious when i post a pic of itzel and a "friend" will follow her but not like the pic like bro wyd	1
r . i . p to my nigga poussey	1
omg i love watching her vlogs the shit literally funny as hell bitch you so funny aint shit changed about you	0
who else grew up watching fresh hey drake & josh sister sister proud rug spongeb…	0
who else grew up watching fresh hey drake & josh sister sister proud rug spongeb…	0
twins	0
i wish more of my friends were into corridos y banda pero pues no #paisatwitter	1
couldnt figure out why #kanye was trending ,  and then i saw the video! #wth	3
couldnt figure out why #kanye was trending ,  and then i saw the video! #wth	5
apologize for what you have done young lady	4
i may be able to pull a whodini on ya only cause its ya bday	0
needa call nd get a new bank card	0
wearing ripped shorts and a weird t shirt into a classy cafe	0
my head spinning fasure fasure	1
thats me	0
they do! i love body boarding and i am going to do so this weekend	0
i didnt realise it was so much but nah i dont ,  ive finally made a mal account so i think ill put it all on there	1
just turn up	0
got the dress	0
i wasnt on a sugar high	5
how could someone do something like that ?  she was an angel . 	1
next to you	0
that feeling she get when she see me	0
they didnt wake me up semalam why did i sleep so early	1
they didnt wake me up semalam why did i sleep so early	1
baah	1
im a grown woman	0
woke up to hear my young g is unconscious .  everyone pray for him please ,  ill be doing mine	1
maybe ,  to see all wp friends i think most of the wcus team will be there ,  too . 	0
love how bare mongs think leaving the eu is going to stop immigration quality	0
when you dont alternate your protein so youre left with 15 pounds of vanilla ice cream whey	1
chocolate & strawberry shakes from sonic just became my new favorite things	0
yes .  you guys finished it ? 	1
she(nadine) gets caught up in whatever im doing .  kaya conjugal din yung mga sagot nila for mtv music evo {sh…	0
next time	0
thank you	0
mashabane she is a real g #oscarpistorius	0
fucking shit i lost my charger	0
thank god for bryan calming me down earlier by making me listen to extremely happy songs	0
another interesting myth u shd bust is that 90% mutton=sheep in india & not the healthier goat .  trip to abattoir reveals all	0
i was waiting for someone to reply that .  glad it was you	0
ill always be a text or call away	0
str8 comedians on this mf	0
sometimes its hard to figure out what he is saying he knows whats best for me though  ,  i will forever thank him for loving me thou  .  god	1
at that point i couldnt take the interview seriously anymore	1
looking at all the funny pictures alondra used to send me to cute	0
im so done with ppl	2
im so done with ppl	4
pretty sure that my mom loves aj more than me .  .  . 	1
have a lovely time	0
guys ,  i just served megan fox shes so nice and she tips well	0
guys ,  i just served megan fox shes so nice and she tips well	3
guys ,  i just served megan fox shes so nice and she tips well	5
miss u 2 lover ! soon enough	2
nvr let these hoes get in between of wht we started	0
i want some chicken wings now	1
not even real celebs	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x59 , 895	0
g im tied of dese twitter folk watz to em ? !	1
find it very difficult to understand how why a team would rip up harris plans after 3 games .  something not quite right .  .  . 	1
follow #تيم_المباحث_بيمسي_بفولورز	0
i dont feel good blood	4
pretty pissed i paid 2 . 50 for this soup and it tastes like someone juiced a whole tomato and threw some pepper in it	4
i broke the streak .  .  .  .  .  im sorry dont hate me	1
im not a flirt im just smooth with my words	0
she said put it in the hole .  and i did!	0
noone could ever deny your love for freddie will & i send our love izzy	0
omg its so hot!!! my face is so red .  my dog is panting like crazy .  .  .  maybe it wasnt a good idea to go for a walk	1
the moon right now	3
the moon right now	5
back gets worse & worse each day	1
how do we subscribe to your prem snap	0
the faces they make at each other crack me up ,  i cant stand it	0
cant believe its been #20years today since i started as a #3dartist 20 great years .  #blinkandyoumissthem #rare #…	0
after working 11 ,  9 ,  10 . 5 ,  9 . 5 ,  14 hour days this week here are my weekend plans .  .  .  .  not shit! ill be steady chillin in the a/c	0
after working 11 ,  9 ,  10 . 5 ,  9 . 5 ,  14 hour days this week here are my weekend plans .  .  .  .  not shit! ill be steady chillin in the a/c	0
i miss them so much	1
pipe dream tbh but ive always been warm to that idea!! nevertheless the vote there was split along loyalist lines so .  . 	1
sick from the ritas	1
fantastic news ! xoxo	0
i dont want to get up at 5am	1
nice! that milka one is from switzerland ,  if that helps .  thank you!! fingers crossed	0
i wouldnt let that happen their could only be one of my in naugy walmart	0
i wouldnt let that happen their could only be one of my in naugy walmart	1
agreed they are the positions we need to address but you and i know we wont wenger will add a midfield player as we have 20 lol	2
time to hit the hay	1
i kinda like genesys works because im getting to meet new people	0
- sports - smile - perfectness - your cute voice! - mission	0
i miss him already	1
yeah ,  to be honest .  thats a lie .  i had a drink the day i got back as well ,  but then lasted 9 days after that im good you see	2
yeah ,  to be honest .  thats a lie .  i had a drink the day i got back as well ,  but then lasted 9 days after that im good you see	4
follow ou dm me  ? 	0
meen 2allak troo7 ma3 women	2
meen 2allak troo7 ma3 women	4
god connie you are a queen	1
aww flip didnt know that ,  missed out on that 1	1
also would like to point out .  ive been to 3 of the 4 disney parks . 	0
this is getting so old	0
its crazy how stuff happen so fast	1
wasnt a ass whooping  ,  thats a weak lil girl that wont come out the house simple as that	0
fantastic	0
boy if you dont getcho	0
haha ! she was one & we love her for that	0
lmfao stop it	1
bet sterling has the game of his life tonight	0
my life is now complete . 	0
you know it	0
i want some rhianna pumas soo bad and they are all sold out	2
thanks babe! and aww throwback	1
layal ! bs im sure btshouf ur tweets aktar shi! smalla	0
lol i know!!!!! i sure sympathize with menopausal women now i hate when side effects are worse than the pain	1
monday afternoon & today while it was raining on my way to work	1
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x59 , 646	0
you lady jesus to some of them folks	0
i thought it was suppose to rain all day wtf happened to that! its hot asf outside	2
i thought it was suppose to rain all day wtf happened to that! its hot asf outside	4
you are a great football player .  you are so pretty ,  smart and nice ,  mashallah .  i miss you and i love you you are amazing !!	1
whos riff raff ? 	0
ion talk to nobody yall can stop asking	2
ion talk to nobody yall can stop asking	4
wait ,  whats happening ?  #askaman	3
wait ,  whats happening ?  #askaman	5
deleting one ha from your hahahahahahaha because you feel like it’s too much of haha . 	0
finding dory comes out the day i leave for florida	1
fathers day and nba finals	0
so sad .  im so sad	1
life gets harder and harder for me	1
awesome!	0
when you gonna notice me  ?  #emeraudexcosmo	1
i wanna chill	2
i wanna chill	4
#ncat20 nso is this week ,  whos excited ?  we ready for yall	2
i want sonic	2
i want sonic	4
i miss	1
this is adorable	0
havent said shit tho	0
so terrible .  its like everyday there is some attack .  they need to sort that shit out . 	1
i need to get better at make up	1
the chuffy ship will never sink	0
ill spend everybody money before i spend mine .  .  i sweaaarrrrr!	0
i call you dickhead stop takin my shit	1
so much positivity lately #greatful	0
its all on fb	1
yall ass salty	0
they are far from slick . 	0
nice avi ,  good you didnt choose the towel one ,  very dubious x	0
lmfao im going with the dance team were gonna go perform	0
first day off in a 10 days	1
im that family member that disappears at functions to sleep for some hours then reappear like i never left	0
all is rubbish players still have a few weeks holiday left eh	0
& then gaining & again losing/ gaining in a short period of time!	3
& then gaining & again losing/ gaining in a short period of time!	5
everything in my life getting questioned	4
i was 132 now im 155	1
correct! although the hairdo is another matter you may get to see my natural ,  crazy curls if we get stuck in wet weather	1
correct! although the hairdo is another matter you may get to see my natural ,  crazy curls if we get stuck in wet weather	4
i say it as we have had a referendum and the people have chosen! good bad right wrong or indifferent!	0
my feed is losing its shit again	1
cant wait till you get pulled in they will have a field day	0
oh i did ,  but as were driving to the airport right now makes me super sad	1
rule number one never fall in love with your consumer .  .  .  omg i broke that rule today	0
if youre gunna apologize can you do it sober ? 	2
if youre gunna apologize can you do it sober ? 	4
lol i didnt even no you had a twitter but wassup where you been ? 	1
i had fever so i cant eat this  .  how are u ? 	1
smacked	0
i literally cant even walk because of how sore my calves are	1
rikki play too much talking about some damn hump	0
i ran out of honey	1
next place i move into has to have central ac because this is crap	1
wow ,  beasts butterfly sounds good i like it better than yey i think	0
wow ,  beasts butterfly sounds good i like it better than yey i think	0
craving for cokefloat	4
i done made like 10 sets today look book coming real soon	0
i done made like 10 sets today look book coming real soon	0
low key killin in that avi .  what bill you need paid . 	0
cant wait to have my own shit  ,  its gone b lit	0
i just cant understand	1
why did you do this ? ! you knew rupert murdoch would win!	2
always wished i had a better father	1
no progress at all	1
pics or lies .  jk that sounds awesome tho tbh  ,  gotta go now	0
pics or lies .  jk that sounds awesome tho tbh  ,  gotta go now	1
im smart ,  beautiful and witty #reasonswhyilovemyself	0
as soon as my dad sees me hes like "are you hungover"	0
damn video made me cry	0
nope somewhere in arizona idk where	0
i feel like u have a thing for brock	0
beautiful love declaration from to - friendship goals last king & i show today ht…	1
ooh me too my darling ,  me too i m so addicted to you and me when we are together and forever	0
cant stop shivering ,  im so cold	0
12 . 6k+ tweets trending like a boss ajith lack of libido	0
im sleepy	2
im sleepy	4
salted caramel is my favourite thing ever thanks gal!	0
report to my dm olivia	0
i want something fattening	1
its okay ,  there plan is to sit back and reflect	0
people comes and go ,  but memories dont	0
i totally dont need these either!	3
i totally dont need these either!	5
follow back . 	0
goodmorning beautiful have a great day & follow me on faze sensational	0
goodmorning beautiful have a great day & follow me on faze sensational	0
omg i need this in my life!!	0
i was having an awesome day and out of nowhere it just got shitty	1
into seat*	0
into seat*	1
off work bout to eat them sleep	0
you are welcome my darling .  i heart you	0
why are my pupils so big ? 	0
obviamente!	5
im still in mad shock #comeonengland	0
thanks juliana love you!!	0
niggas act worse than bitches g	0
thanks you udah follow account twitter ^^ stay enjoy	0
and the bday turn up weekend begins now	0
this to im having right now	1
it dont look like a joke outside	1
ahh thank you ,  you are so sweet! i am so impatient to read your blog post ,  im sure its going to be so perfect	0
not everyone bruh	1
finding it extremely difficult to go to office when my boss just died	1
but his main wifey (me) keeps it cute	0
long week .  . ! but this weekend tho	0
tapioca drinks good	0
you should participate in the upcoming online vgc tourney to receive this for your shiny dex !	0
binge watching fixer upper . 	0
thanks for the follow	0
its horrific its worrying that theyre starting to target specific groups of people	1
lmao im dead	1
why did you tag me in a squirrel being washed ? 	0
guess who the girl in this pic is ?  she came up to me last night& told me who she was i cried with varied emotions htt…	0
if you tell me i aint gotta worry bout you nomore surely wont  . 	0
sooo im bored now	1
i love you	0
girls be so bitter its sickening making up rumors about you to make themselves feel better	1
girls be so bitter its sickening making up rumors about you to make themselves feel better	5
1st week of emt school complete	0
dying	0
what he	1
trying hard to motivate myself to work out but its not working	1
this isnt what i was expecting .  stupid vampire movie ,  with girls! #mothermayisleepwithdanger	2
wth how does a jewish person get on that list lol	0
if she asks to stop by big lots on the way to ikea &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; 	0
thanks ari ,  same to you	0
its not okay . 	0
its not okay . 	0
giroud #coyg hahahaha finally goal	0
damn i think i fucked up	1
at least i get out at 7:30 today	0
the lights just went out at union because of the storm	1
i see you	0
aint nothin like comin home to your own crib after a long day	0
i am your guest ,  pay attention to me!	2
it was worth it tho	0
happy anniversary im proud to be your member one love for	0
is it weird that i dont even like being around my own race	1
thanks bud arent you out in akron ? 	0
a he fine tho vick	0
a he fine tho vick	0
i think my ass got food poising	1
the best part about moving is i can actually get rid of everything ive been wanting to	0
anyone else notice that the 2016 prediction twitter was active until it claimed that a young artist would die a month ago #ripchristina	2
anyone else notice that the 2016 prediction twitter was active until it claimed that a young artist would die a month ago #ripchristina	4
wait .  whats wrong w that text	1
am i the only one that chews on ice cream and slushes  ? 	0
dude ,  i was just reading this ive been watching her on youtube since she started	1
dude ,  i was just reading this ive been watching her on youtube since she started	1
hope your day went well lisa and that you have a good we! xxxx	0
didnt they tell you i was a savage	1
okay brax	1
hate watching nbatv channel when it is like this! feel like im watching max headroom	4
eww .  old people love . 	3
i know lol	0
tired of being tired .  .  .  i need a vacation	1
i just dont get whats happening ryt now	1
i love a southern accent . 	0
my nan is so funny with technology ,  leaving voicemails of conversations without realising #family	0
i like to fuck when im mad fuck allat happy humping	0
wish i could be getting my back kissed and tummy rubbed	1
plus if u do in n out youll see me like every day	0
all facts no need to lie	0
so very true! parenting is the most difficult job and the most rewarding good luck today	0
thank you joey! and will do	0
oh snap lol	0
nooooo i dropped my pipe & that shit just shattered	1
its a good day when dalton buys you a new fishing pole	0
jongdae junmyeon and yixing .  the real visual line	0
loooool dont really go around smashing windos tbh	0
loooool dont really go around smashing windos tbh	1
cant think why!	3
cant think why!	5
yooo i miss my boyfriend	1
i would look ghetto no thank you	1
yes brother	0
guys are so quick to call a girl a hoe like bro you are a hoe . 	0
i got workouts at 8 and im up rn	1
when you get the wrong wrap	1
enjoy!	0
lol why am i just now seeing this ?  ?  hahaha! ill call you after work!! geezzzzzz	1
i look back my first heartbreak and laugh like wtf e	1
im always ashy	0
would have been funnier if it was the older one though	0
stop being a baby! lol get it ? !	0
well thats bridgetown in stratford upon avon .   .  .  no idea what the incident was tho	2
well thats bridgetown in stratford upon avon .   .  .  no idea what the incident was tho	5
why tf dont yall know about each other ?  like why just me ?  #queen	1
lol that makes me feel better thanks girl	1
ahh nice! sounds amazing .  youve had a right busy summer	0
look forward to your updates	0
#themakeupshowatl was so amazing! great vendors ,  immense knowledge ,  supporting people all in one room . 	0
i wonder if the queen bets ? 	0
you look so fine .  i want you mine .  like that song on repeat inside my head .  i wanna take you to my bed . 	0
you know youre canadian when you apologize to your computer #isittoolatetosaysorry	0
been on my mind all day	1
i wish i could be rihanna	0
except you never were or have been fat so i guess im just talking about myself here lol	1
1st the gar was stale  ,  then i got nails  ,  then its only 3gs in this gar its stupid small	4
my coworkers make me feel so cute & loved	0
you dont go to smidt school whatever the name is lol  .  .  .  what college you going to ? 	0
does wonders for your soul in the morning	0
enter me in #jendiygiveaway hope i win this can check my first post here to prove that my post is all about this giveaway 1 , 519	1
ive been staying up till 5am and sleeping till 3pm .  . 	0
i love you! thank you miss you mucho	0
i piak you ah yea leh everytime after class ,  "i go use computer ah" with mango	0
biggest finals today and lol i aint worried bout nothin	0
sir yes sir! cool stuff are there mainly on fridays i will	0
gonna rack up all of the medals and pins ive gotten since elementary school	0
watkins glen is coming up!	0
aloe blacc cool but e 40 & too short would have been better !!!	0
sick cold cruel	2
well im always here if you get bored	0
good point	1
uggggh! i hate waiting!	1
i know as soon as we drop the grandparents off at the airport my moms gonna ask me if i brought weed for the ride home	0
well hang out when i get back	0
keep it baby .  .  you so that means you meet my standards baby	0
i had an appointment at half 9 so naturally i wake up nearly an hour and a half later	2
i had an appointment at half 9 so naturally i wake up nearly an hour and a half later	4
did i mention twitter ,  that m feeling no pain before the cure #vodka	0
i stayed up to long im tired asf gn	0
i stayed up to long im tired asf gn	0
why am i awake	4
let me know if you need a binge watch buddy	0
i need to be picked up from the airport at 6pm on saturday .  ill hook it up with gas money or dinner or some shit .  help	1
im so tempted though ,  i actually almost did it like a week ago but then i got scared	0
jun ji hyun and lee min ho is finally happening .  #legendsofthebluesea	5
good morning everyone , follow me if you think trump should not be president , get following	0
yall sleep on wale	0
thank you charlie !!	0
fan girling	0
i love that we call each other like real adults . 	0
no one cares	2
no one cares	4
spreading love is a lot easier than spreading hate . 	2
spreading love is a lot easier than spreading hate . 	4
i do miss my bed and but it is bloody amazing	0
i do miss my bed and but it is bloody amazing	1
well if you dont know by now its way too late to learn	0
i like being spanked zaddy	2
its so hooot	1
cutie!	0
play the official vr version of minecraft	0
i just lost all the changes and additions i made to my blog draft today . 	4
the best!!	0
now i know what ten is too	0
page 103/663	0
not a cloud in the sky and not one worry on my mind	0
trying to make a spanish presentation over human trafficking is a lot more difficult than i thought . 	1
movie day	0
i was goin be petty but i changed my mind	0
mind to follback ? 	0
allis pass though	0
i swear me n oomf fall out every week lmao	0
remember me i was your daddy	0
happy birthday kitty!!!!! hope your day was as fun and lovely as you are miss being ur seat mate in math na huhuhu c u soon bb!:face_blowing_a_kiss:@kittytop	0
lowkey annoying	0
lastnight was fucken wild!	0
i know thats what everybody keep saying	0
ion play better stop playin out here they knew you was the toothpaste too my toothbrush	0
oomf has a cute smile tbh	0
sucks yall gotta lose at home now	1
seeing 2/3 today	0
i cant wait for merch	0
goodmorning mentions for mention fav for follow follow back	0
goodmorning mentions for mention fav for follow follow back	0
bitches see one mixed boy and just go crazy	0
noooo i cant take this kind of humiliation	1
one day i will learn	2
one day i will learn	4
i will have finished my assignment before i sleep  . home works really giving me a hard time!	1
aw tysm pretty girl	0
theyre not appreciate my talent too bad im good at eating tho	2
theyre not appreciate my talent too bad im good at eating tho	4
why do i feel like this  ?  i dont want to feel like this . 	2
why do i feel like this  ?  i dont want to feel like this . 	4
thanks girl	0
kaputo reminds me of one of my managers	0
if anybody wants to get me the chance 3 hat feel free too	0
griffith park is scary around this time	0
i be so confused	0
who needs enemies with friends like that	1
you are	0
ahem ,  you must get really hot down there	3
ahem ,  you must get really hot down there	5
you survived another episode .  congrats! #whew	3
you survived another episode .  congrats! #whew	5
thank you	0
girl the rims are fine thank you lol and it was my truck	0
tell my girlfriend chamere i love her and ill miss her and that i tried to fight but the heat was too much	1
i made a j ,  i did a lot of js with you	0
i know think its just how i feel about my self lately tbh most of my close friends like my con one havent see that side yet	1
i said "damn baby lemme feel on it real quick"	0
theyll argue about anything ,  bless their hearts	0
soooo sleepy what a long day nakey cuddles here i come	0
demi lovato in this greys episode	0
never	0
use it then!	0
hello stana what are you doing ? 	0
shit aye! see you tomorrow then	0
i cant wait until i u	0
thats our movie	1
next time kay next time	0
g im gone beat ha moe bitches be tough asl on this shit dont lock me up thats all i ask	0
g im gone beat ha moe bitches be tough asl on this shit dont lock me up thats all i ask	4
g im gone beat ha moe bitches be tough asl on this shit dont lock me up thats all i ask	1
boyyy i stay memeing people . 	0
youre a homophobic asshole ,  simple as that	2
steak ,  field corn ,  & mashed potatoes i throw down when im in the mood	0
steak ,  field corn ,  & mashed potatoes i throw down when im in the mood	2
steak ,  field corn ,  & mashed potatoes i throw down when im in the mood	5
put my two weeks notice in today at work	0
i love u	0
my tl always speaks to me	0
thank youuuu	0
i got 4 states between me and all my problems	0
left my railcard at home .  realised half way to the bus .  luckily i knew where it was and mum ran me to the bus stop in time	0
looking crazy out here about to be going outside like to cover my brows	0
looking crazy out here about to be going outside like to cover my brows	1
i hate that dumb ass bitch	1
i still do but i wanna be tan while be homeless	0
okay ,  damn .  you caught me ,  just quit telling twitter all my business . 	1
she talking bout she want a banana split but i need her to hit a split on this banana decisions decisions	2
she talking bout she want a banana split but i need her to hit a split on this banana decisions decisions	5
enter me in #jendiygiveaway hope i win this can check my first post here to prove that my post is all about this giveaway 1 , 643	1
hey bighead	0
i wanna dress up in all white & have dinner & champagne on the roof top while the band plays .  mood	0
im bored snap me colten95	0
thanks i appreciate that	0
need somebody to go to cali with me in october for fashion week none of my friends are into shit like that . 	1
it does indeed good job . 	0
not feeling nobody	0
no! its tiring ,  ha .  i have no choice .  .  stupidly hot curry didnt work .  .  nothing else is working	1
i got court in 2 fckn days	3
i got court in 2 fckn days	5
i appreciate it stay safe as well love	0
i know ,  lunch wasnt the same	1
loved it! ,  a great way to start our day	0
that gif it me	0
late night talks are the best	0
wish me luck ,  braaaah . 	1
work 12	1
is that bacon ? 	0
need to find something to wear for the wedding asap	0
thats what i thought love u dec xx	0
i want my packages comes today or tomorrow i am so anxious	1
i cant sleep	1
im really sorry	0
1 and half hour vacant is	2
thats fine	0
freeze was saucing them niggas tho i wont flex	0
all those bodies piled up .  .  . reminds me of my trip to auschwitz	0
the james blunt lotto advert would be my worst nightmare .  #hatethatsong	1
67 1000/10 quiet the charm	0
u dont know my life	2
u dont know my life	4
ice tropez tastes like shit ,  wowzers	2
ice tropez tastes like shit ,  wowzers	4
im weak asf and u lost voice	0
im so happy w all the clothes i bought today	0
all i want to do is sleep	1
watched s1 of #goodwitch on netflix then went to to watch s2 but im missing the first 4 episodes of s2 ,  someone help	5
fixing a bug in an open source project and went to go write tests .  it is a php wordpress project so of course there are no tests!	0
its not that im not move on to ot5 .  it just .  .  . so suddenly . 	3
its not that im not move on to ot5 .  it just .  .  . so suddenly . 	5
8 weeks remain until im done with school and can get the hell outta ohio! #idkwhereimgoingthough	0
make something beautiful today .  follow us for photo tips and creative inspiration at your fingertips!	0
0/4 7/10 lucy hale ashley b 3/20 selena 2/4 pll band 3/5 ian s 4/1 tammin (jenna in pll) tysm patty	0
0/4 7/10 lucy hale ashley b 3/20 selena 2/4 pll band 3/5 ian s 4/1 tammin (jenna in pll) tysm patty	1
everyone posting pictures with their fathers i wish i could do the same	1
looking so cute in dp di	0
im ft & shes getting yelled at so her little brother ill handle this & takes me to his room to see his stuffed animals	0
happy birthday bro	0
true ,  yeah for sure	0
rel has gone bye my choco bunny	1
cam sleep so i can eat my crabs	0
3-0 today back at it tm	2
he called her megamind and now im just tired	0
nba later #warriors	0
nba later #warriors	0
what a long ,  and awful shift tonight	1
nope that tweet is what makes you fucking awesome . 	0
listen to this without watching it	0
okay	0
i go to calln him daddy when he in it	0
my mom likes hotel room service by pitbull and got her cartilage repierced yesterday . 	3
my mom likes hotel room service by pitbull and got her cartilage repierced yesterday . 	5
oh robbie	0
just when i thought my stomach was getting better	1
just when i thought my stomach was getting better	4
youre welcome & yes because i been thru the struggleeeee with my skin lol had to do a lot of research!	0
its so cold in the house im babysitting in . 	1
lebron&gt ; &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; curry	1
renting is 2000 aed per month and they give u a new one if you burn the lighter fuse	0
thanks helen	0
believe me pls dont mind her mouth like 25 kmt & its in a safe place mdear no uncles at all pls . 	0
always have the best nights w andrew & jake	1
im just saying but oomf that i dont really know is a cutie	0
if i win can i have the cat as well please  ? 	0
gucci looks good . 	0
wide awake	3
that dev-sonakshi hug though cuteness level broke btw #kuchrangpyarkeaisebhi	0
sex sex sex this tweet got your attention but delivered nothing .  delhi ,  thats for you .  #मोदी_भक्त_केजरीवाल	0
me and my friends have been having real issues partying up lately ,  any fixes coming for this ? 	1
gm have a lovely and safe friday #ff	0
wann get some large fries & chicken nuggets	1
im about to get a girlfriend	0
no worries mate .  .  . rule of think before you tweet	0
if i got the chance to talk with jaehyun .  ill talk in english	0
gotta count a hundred mil the lord take me and if i make it i pray to god i can save it	0
i love you #getmyattentionin3words	0
rip those 3m jobs	2
rip those 3m jobs	5
will never understand how people can be treated like absolute shit & be okay with it #putsomerespeckonyaname	1
not talking to nakya is so boring bro	1
fought off a spider while driving to work this morning #swerving all over the place . 	3
fought off a spider while driving to work this morning #swerving all over the place . 	5
making me feel them emotions at glasto shouting out tottenham #hometown	1
#rp612fic is a great way of understanding our countrys dark history through making it funny .  we laugh and at the same time ,  we learn . 	0
good! i like the cold!	0
they love i have for my siblings is unconditional  . 	0
left wing #remainer on victoria derbyshire talking about online campaign to reverse #euref as it was only a slim majority	0
trey shouldve took keelan with him & e nah im jp	1
i love how no translation is offered for my countries language	0
pensamento longe .  .  mt longe	4
song of my this is what you came for by rihanna and calvin harris	0
excuse my ignorance but what is "udid"	0
chuys	1
cant find my glasses ,  and im out of contacts	1
bet you go to these car shows revving your corsa dont ya	0
watching fav men in cinema getting all suited up and dapper at the red carpet makes my heart jump in joy . 	0
lmfao sh &jm	0
while eating subway sandwiches	0
i hate seeing a friend go through the same stuff i went through in the past	1
happy birthday ate nikki take care and god bless	0
yes yo i just watched it im pouring my eyes out	1
veronica is saying good shit about you good shit cutie	0
ur hair	0
1 more week til im back	0
so many issues to tweet about this morning so apologies in advance for the barrage of tweets to follow!!!! #heavytweeteralert	0
im not even on my summer break yet	1
you can only be pushed so far	1
id be sad if someone like tom cried over me #loveisland	1
what is that advert you have done for the lottery omg you are better than that	0
what is that advert you have done for the lottery omg you are better than that	0
lowkey	0
i know	1
just said that #nivpol save was like watching pat jennings .  then realised how old i am . 	1
tru and ill have u and leelee to take care of my ass	0
lazy to wake up early in the morning	1
im clowning all week!	1
i just wanna say ,  im so gay for all of you guys	0
thank you love you t	0
its cool	0
hi im cass and im begging to come to philippines and to come back to philippines hello	0
i guess im chillin w/ maiya family	1
college and my great grandad is seriously ill in hospital	1
willowbrook has the best cajun food	1
"no one was texting me ,  i was just looking at old messages"	0
good morning love	0
from yesterday and yall tweets about eachother	0
this school year is gonna be great	0
i swear nuffen ido qets appreciated	2
i swear nuffen ido qets appreciated	4
#gameofthrones is almost over . 	1
i ordered the cutest swimsuit ever	0
okay ill see	0
im hungry asf	1
when you got work at 6 am	2
when you got work at 6 am	4
while i was walking down to work ,  i saw a bird that couldn’t fly ,  looked like either his wing i something was hurt ,  poor little guy	1
i hate being home doing nothing	2
i hate being home doing nothing	4
and deployment #2 begins	1
vivas i said your invited	0
sorry	1
honey i dont give a fuck ill tweet as i please ,  but next somebody	0
cant believe desiigner said "timmy timmy turner" in that freestyle worst bar of 2016 so far	1
right! always wanna do something	0
i love so much hahaha .  just started the biggest football vs fútbol twitter war ive ever seen	0
37 yrs and still counting .  count another 40 with meng! #aldubiyamin15days	0
omg my babe is .  .  .  gosh .  lets sleep it out . 	1
sorry i took my break late because no one had time to help the people in the front	2
cant wait to watch love island tonight wonder what tom will do	0
busog thank god	0
admit it . this app is too live! youll get the hang of it .  youre not old unlike i cant help but shade him	0
oh my god its 3 hours long	1
theres always fans that go just to cause trouble n give us a bad name	1
that dab	0
lmao these florida girls wanna beat my ass	0
and if its us against the world so be it	0
my nail hurts	1
lol oops but thanks ,  so are you !	0
whos on my twitter	2
1/3 truth .  2 lie .  im probably wrong abt number 1 but it would be interesting . 	2
1/3 truth .  2 lie .  im probably wrong abt number 1 but it would be interesting . 	5
at citymall	0
dont read old conversations	1
i never knew i had so many clothes & shoes	1
so they pre recorded the 꿀 fm on 25th april	0
what are some good foundations for oily skin ? 	1
gotta keep a 40 on me no question  ,  nigga run up on me he gon reget it !	2
brown eyes & thick thighs	0
she told me what she thinks i am and its close to what i think i am	0
i hate when people call the house phone ,  i do not be feeling like getting up .  better call somebody on their phone instead	2
i hate when people call the house phone ,  i do not be feeling like getting up .  better call somebody on their phone instead	4
hey beautiful	0
his smile!! asdfghhkqwerf!!!!!!!!!!	5
want caramel cookie crunch ice cream	1
i never save mine and robert pictures from snapchat	2
i never save mine and robert pictures from snapchat	4
urwell sunbae	0
#ripchristina i will always remember you	1
i keep birthday then holiday	0
i keep birthday then holiday	0
yall keep tryna pics from 2 months ago bitch we seen it the first 100 times you yourself in it calm down lil…	2
yall keep tryna pics from 2 months ago bitch we seen it the first 100 times you yourself in it calm down lil…	4
birthday in 2 hours	2
hate when my face breaks out	1
boy im on one this summer	2
i was like 2 feet away from ln	0
this lil pussy got some power	0
havent been eating ,  barely sleeping	1
oh my gosh after 12345678 years i finally bought mals diary but sadly they didnt have a stock for mals spellbook	1
thats the truth right there . 	0
i have £6 to my name	1
i never knew vybz kartel was locked up for life wtf	1
i miss stalking you .  i miss the feeling .  i just miss you . 	1
why did i ever think that was ok	0
pleasure . 	0
thought my mama was making breakfast for the house she got one lil plate for her	2
thought my mama was making breakfast for the house she got one lil plate for her	4
thought my mama was making breakfast for the house she got one lil plate for her	2
enrique gil!!!! i love you ,  no matter what . 	0
lol is this cuz she doesnt do the aimh floor choreo she probs just wana sit on tha nasty sweaty floor yall chill	0
niggas always feel the need to ask my bra size .  like mad annoying	4
finally	0
i leave tomorrow	1
i leave tomorrow	5
thought i was finally getting better	1
now forever on your mind .  . let me find out	0
i hate babysitting fr man zyon dont listen nd kye driving me crazy	2
i hate babysitting fr man zyon dont listen nd kye driving me crazy	4
i hate babysitting fr man zyon dont listen nd kye driving me crazy	2
fuck it .  you should prosper	0
see you suga	0
well these are just adorable ,  plus were #scarfaddicts .  going to check out your kickstarter	0
also looking forward to seeing what they list barkleys weight as .  .  .  . 	0
you should stop by one of these days and reminisce of the good old days	0
i need to sleep i have to watch this baby in the morning	1
what happened ? 	0
im lost in wigan	0
have safe flight natrah	3
have safe flight natrah	5
i just woke up and i have to start my things to do at home have a wonderful saturday!	0
i just woke up and i have to start my things to do at home have a wonderful saturday!	1
me to other me when apink	0
me to other me when apink	0
5* plate	0
stalk stalk	0
last 12 hours spent in a van	1
i think its hilarious that is playing these myrtle beach ads during the #cws even though half of the viewers right now live there	0
hello	0
thank you this year isnt the same without you and briceson	1
thank you this year isnt the same without you and briceson	1
not even funny how hungover i am	4
finally get a day off out of the week	1
definitely missed you	0
cleaning out my closet for the big move n . c here i come	0
two things i have done ,  two things i have gotten for you	0
you should be	1
this is so embarrassing #eng	4
going with the flow has been the best decision ive made	0
thanks buggs	0
mines not that bad thank god only 5-10:30	0
im going to force my parents to get me a debit card	0
im soooo out of shape but im trying	0
#conjuring fever is spreading all over tn this june ! itll be #jacksondurai fever on july #jdonjuly1	0
happy birthday sib dont party too hard!	0
 im glad they pic ( s ) date changed so that give ( s ) me time too get mari outfit	0
oh ,  i have!	0
tonight will be painful	0
well . 	1
guess im going to guelph  .  .  .  bye bye bancroft	1
he is finally leaving tomorrow bout time	1
when dudez are more dramatic than you are .  bout ta lose me with your negative vibezzz	0
rest well k9 officer credo .  thank you for your service .  eow 6/28/2016	1
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x53 , 082	0
sorry	1
i need sleep	1
i need sleep	4
finally got up off my ion depend on no nigga weak shit!	1
happy birthday aysia ,  hope its a good one	0
cookman finto start deleting every account	0
open till 7 tonight with chris ,  john ,  elaine and claire cutting #shaves #beardtrims #waxing	0
might have to let bae rub it	0
sophie constantly trying to convince herself she likes tom #loveisland ohhh this show	0
black girls so fine	1
oh uh uh i am not getting stuck in another lesbian circle	0
errrr james bay  ?  emmmm hiii	0
next game will be an in stream poll .  so between a variety again .  .  have a suggestion ? 	0
but its a good excuse to slip into my mars hoodie	0
hi ashton hope your days going well	0
you dont seem interested any more	1
kale smoothies	4
all the girls in pll some hoes .  they all bestfriends and dated each others boyfriends wtf	0
morning jess	0
i love it when people give their opinions about something they know nothing about	0
some professors present and you wonder why your boss tensions you	1
honestly i wish i smoked weed bc i could use a good ten blunts rn . 	1
biiiiitch	0
haha! very funny arent you still in chester ? 	0
i always want something i cant have	0
i passed the google certified educator level 1 exam! #27lions #myedsuccess	0
his duck ass	0
im gonna kiss up and rub up and feel up kiss up and rub up and feel up on ya .  .  all night long	0
im sorry i have no more cards left .  should you want to meet me i can pass u 1 set another day . 	1
im sorry i have no more cards left .  should you want to meet me i can pass u 1 set another day . 	4
even though my favorite team ,  will forever be okc	0
i know cant deal with everyones tweets when im so clueless!! better the devil you know than the one you dont screwed it	1
wish i had the $$$ for that	1
what language is that	0
need a plus one to start saving their money to come with me to hawaii for 10 days in february . 	0
hype to go paddle boarding	0
not yet oy haha its her last year	0
flipping hell your organised you panicking	0
flipping hell your organised you panicking	1
amazing how sacking a useless coach and replacing him with a winner makes such a difference	0
thatll work so who ?  what ?  with ?  where ?  are you doing this ? 	0
thatll work so who ?  what ?  with ?  where ?  are you doing this ? 	0
but nobody listens to amber	0
great singing!! you may need your ears testing! lol	0
lol they both sang to us dont even know the song	0
tf you need two bathrooms with one bedroom ? 	0
thank you jia! godbless you too	0
thank you jia! godbless you too	0
#romans giveaway really want that go pro for i can blog like the best	0
tonight twitter bouta be funny asf	1
damn blaine back at it again	0
i will start a school for poor children at my native village .  #fulfildreamswithiciciprulife	0
yall better pray for me monday is going to be a tense day	1
i want pizza rn	1
goodnight	1
happy fathers day to avaris amazing daddy *long sappy post coming soon*	0
#coldplayglastonbury staying alive with the last remaining bee gee - could this set get any better ? !	0
you dont know my mind you dont know my kind dark necessities are part of my design . 	2
you dont know my mind you dont know my kind dark necessities are part of my design . 	5
its my dads birthday and hes a twin	3
its my dads birthday and hes a twin	5
ive got a sore neck myself today #schoolholidays #painintheneck #sleepingin #orchildof7	0
i need to throw out my phone for a while .  .  .  .  exam is tomorrow i didnt have a chance to study yet tsk	2
i need to throw out my phone for a while .  .  .  .  exam is tomorrow i didnt have a chance to study yet tsk	4
awe ,  my feelings hurt . 	1
member me ,  you ,  & whitney	0
orelhudo	0
facial hair makes a big difference	0
this inspection is taking forever	1
love you	0
that wouldnt surprise me at all	0
finding any excuse to get out of the house to smoke	0
warriors lookin like the thunder after they was up 3-1	0
you need to settle down with the photoshop	0
i dont know why people say our pronunciation for faded is wrong like excuse me ?  ?  im pretty sure you guys got it wrong	0
everybody been fussing to much lately . 	0
too late now i already got it	0
q:you love my bird  ?  thats my but yes	0
q:you love my bird  ?  thats my but yes	0
good morning derick ,  have yourself a great day!	0
or remind you of italy	0
congratulations!	0
i really want to go out tonight!	1
would you mind to promote me ojou-san ? 	0
uh its losing not loosing	0
no work tomorrow turn up	0
true!	0
happy birthday	0
love your curls	0
aye .  ive had northern bread .  very tough . 	0
i want to be on the lake	1
you know i dont	0
so close yet so far haihh	1
so close yet so far haihh	5
i get mad waay to fast	0
 .  . oomf need to let me fuck her world up	0
because if i model them they probably wont fit the girls right	0
have fun caden ,  you couldnt have picked a better guy to hang out with	0
tell me about it!	0
my friends need to finish oitnb so i can talk about it	0
fine i respect this decision	0
selling the benz ? ! but its supa dupa clean .  .  .  but hey ,  as long as it aint fwd ,  ur straight it aint fwd right	1
but i miss you	1
link me unsetup appclips for ill look when i get home from work!	2
i hate working monday nights .  .  .  i always miss the bachelorette	1
bey looked like she turned and said "dont talk to her no more .  dont say shit .  " and at the end jay looked like he said "youre crazy . "	1
i didnt but hey thanks for blowing up my phone	0
i havent gotten a long paragraph in a minute lol	0
kind of sad right now .  .  . because of my hair	1
i always give you a fist pound ,  thought that was our thing	2
i always give you a fist pound ,  thought that was our thing	4
why am i so tired	1
why am i so tired	4
yeah they shouldnt be in it fr ,  but they do get me hype	0
he really is w blonde hair & blue eyes no hope for a black baby	0
but for now ill enjoy the and the	0
but for now ill enjoy the and the	0
but for now ill enjoy the and the	0
good morning i love you . 	0
puppies cost so much money . 	1
watch #asknashandhayes new video! / subscribe and share dm me pls	0
hope 1/2 of the funds doesnt go to officials traveling expenses	1
i hate when my mom hits me with that "youre grounded" like bye	0
the shallows showed galveston with clear blue water .  only if that was true	0
high five to that! im like a little kid waiting for the next lot of thunder and lightning	0
high five to that! im like a little kid waiting for the next lot of thunder and lightning	0
youre welcome	0
the last 10 days of ramadan definitely bittersweet for me	1
og jeg siterte "theres no such thing as waste ,  only resources in the wrong place"	0
hello! today is the valentines day here in brazil .  has an excellent sunday!	0
hello! today is the valentines day here in brazil .  has an excellent sunday!	0
i bought mkhitaryan on fifa16 for my man u career mode .  lol also signed zlatan for free just like irl .  oh happy days	0
ahw thank you so much!!!	0
so tempted to drive down to france for a couple of days .  .  .  atmosphere looks crazy	2
so tempted to drive down to france for a couple of days .  .  .  atmosphere looks crazy	5
nah my attitude these days have been atrocious	4
hey how are u ?  i hope youre fine .  see this please i love you .  follow me please ?  x209	0
im just glad youtube allows us to turn all our failures into entertaining videos for people to enjoy	0
u are hospitalized wish u a very quick recovery sir get well soon ameen	0
i was on yo side from jump	0
i have a goal it is to take selfies with emmy and skyler using the puppy filters	1
uncanny . 	0
my brother having a baby so sad rn	1
my brother having a baby so sad rn	1
ik you be pissing me off im tryna stay celibate	1
i ask my brother to send me pictures/videos of my dog bc i miss him so much	1
now that i am back home  .  .  i think its time to finish orange is the new black	0
why you always gotta start with me  ? 	2
why you always gotta start with me  ? 	4
going to watch a movie see you guys in a few hours . 	0
i love it 2ji will have to replace 2yoon now that 4minute isnt a thing anymore	1
a cold shower will sort you out!	0
a cold shower will sort you out!	0
thank you love u	0
the dark archer vs robin hood .  .  . this should be interesting	0
"ive seen 19 mullets today ,  2 were on women ,  and 3 were on children"	0
lowkey excited for that	0
anne curtis #opmsabadoaegis	0
hi i love you to the moon and back me are my niall horan follow me ♡ 837	0
hi i love you to the moon and back me are my niall horan follow me ♡ 837	0
someone needs to lower their standards and date me	0
fany seems like such a chill person to talk to	1
were at the bath ,  on bath avenue	0
the fact mcdonalds is closed for the next week is actually making my life difficult	2
the fact mcdonalds is closed for the next week is actually making my life difficult	4
ive been supporting you always but you keep ignoring me but i will never give up on my dream to get a follow from you . 	0
just cant .  . 	1
i want some bjs	1
you wouldnt have to ask me twice	2
lets hangout whenever you can	0
elizabeth -the best sense of humor oh my god -passive aggressive queen -glasses&gt ;  -so smart its scary -can we b…	0
puyat now ,  regret later	0
if i could turn back the hands of time .  .  .  .  .  . 	0
its brilliant my new favorite by far	0
yesterday was devon birthday	1
earrings are very important	1
dinner done	0
morning kiddddz	0
yes dude	1
lol at least somebody got it and i dont look so dumb . 	0
omg tighten up	0
my girl cookie got that	0
all i want in life is a dreka and gates relationship	1
its 7:30 and its already hot as heck	1
yall dumb if you think he aint get clearance to use their images	1
hey welcome to usc! i know youll enjoy the switch .  see you in august!	0
birthday in a week	0
i can go from listening to country music one second to listening to spanish music the next	0
richard jones	0
but its only for the uk	1
hell naw guess i gotta keep them a secret now	2
hell naw guess i gotta keep them a secret now	4
this is some serious jamb question	0
when your mom asks for your permission to drive your truck	0
hope everything can go as smooth as possible	0
it was ,  now he be pissing me off but the mixtapes just reminded me of anticipation &anticipation 2 so now…	0
those eyelashes and that hairstyle omg!!!!!!	0
this movie crazy	3
this movie crazy	5
 .  .  but state and center were blamed for everything a few yrs back .  .  .  i wonder why ?  ?  .  .  . 	1
this has been the most boring 90minutes of my life	0
if im not worth yo time  ,  then fuck your worried bout me for  ? 	0
did u miss an "i"	0
thx ! buenos dias! hermosa!! have a wonderful day  .  my friends!!	0
ion do no following bitch im the leader	2
thats true be sure to check your boat!	0
but we delivery freaky fast dude	0
and you happy about that you evil	0
still getting used to you being in the same time zone  .  but gooood morning to you too	0
i had dreams about dragons and making out with nick jonas so i really dont want to be awake and on my way to work right now	2
i had dreams about dragons and making out with nick jonas so i really dont want to be awake and on my way to work right now	4
thats what i asked for and they gave me fkn ranch . 	1
black is beautiful	0
nah .  .  . ! never too much aidan!	0
are no .  hope it goes fast	0
ill give someone $20 if you come over & get my tv to work .  like its not broken i just cant figure out how to get it to like be on . 	0
broken words only jaise ye log kavi bolte h toh uska mean puch leta hu	0
goes to store for food also omg scuba diving gear 75% off what a deal	5
my stomach hurt so bad it woke me out my sleep	1
why am i still up	1
why am i still up	4
my boyfriend be getting jealous over niggas i dont even fuck with but hey i like that over protective shit	0
phone was dead all night happy this mf on now	1
phone was dead all night happy this mf on now	4
yaasssss this is definitely gonna be me	0
"maddy we were waiting for you to get lit on stage after your speech ,  you were too formal"	0
the feeling of a fresh pedicure &gt ; 	0
when you thought youd be able to lay in bed all day tomorrow & be a lazy bum (finally) but then you get a reminder about a baby shower &lt ; &lt ; 	1
more like a falling sledgehammer ,  pounds longs daily!	0
lmao foreal tho bae	0
cheers tom	0
girls must check other girls out at the gym  .  .  training with chics you just see them preeing	0
ready to smash a buffet tomorrow	0
i nak rest jap ,  penat travel	0
piss off you	0
im becoming such a news enthusiast  .  thank you dad	0
not finna be under my man for a week until my birthday	1
the finding finding nemo finding dory finding money	0
- lordt jk heeyy loon you can be cool sometimes lol but good luck with your future	0
- lordt jk heeyy loon you can be cool sometimes lol but good luck with your future	0
finally out of the dentist	1
im going to have the last laugh	2
facetime ? 	0
hes fixed my computer and printer a 1000 times	0
tyquan yo bday coming in you know for a fact every year im fresh from head to toe	1
so nice to have (instant) hot water again .  #rinnai	0
term 2 starts tomorrow	1
ridiculousness is one of my favorite shows	0
rih flooding my ig tl	1
aww man! and he sure can!	0
lmfaoooo	1
im so nice & supportive to people  ,  even when they do me any kind of way	0
i did but we will be back next year	0
ctfu two seasons in one and so is zee boring or dee i forgot but is she boring  ? 	0
bro ,  i cant change my twitter name to obeyy kidd diamond supreme papi goose	2
bro ,  i cant change my twitter name to obeyy kidd diamond supreme papi goose	1
curious to see	0
loool like a ghanaian man will not do a nus .  .  . nigerian pls	0
this guy thought that eating a whole onion was acceptable as a challenge for us miss me with that	4
you not seeing me is kind of the whole point of me avoiding you	0
girl ,  her ass is crazy .  she is pissed!	1
lol this isnt legit 1 , 722 followers tapos 1 following ? 	2
lol this isnt legit 1 , 722 followers tapos 1 following ? 	4
now im bucked lol	0
well ill put something together	0
i hope so	1
lmfaoooo javaughn put sum doritos on a plate ,  sprinkled sum cheese on too &i put it in the microwave	1
waking up to the news that the older generation have ruined our future .  doomed #brexit	1
all these bitches he be inboxin only 1 fell for him & he still inboxin w/ her	1
jk shes off now	0
gimme those brushes! #kleswaragiveaway #kleswaragiveaway #kleswaragiveaway #kleswaragiveaway #kleswaragiveaway	0
dmv woke up cranking shabazz	0
#twitteretiquette101 click on star to let them know you favored their tweet .  oh wait  .  .  .  twitter took that from us . 	1
i was with my family when you called ,  i meant to text you im about to text you now . 	1
i need a day trip back to the ville on the lowest key	1
i mean i have both my parents last name i just use my moms because its easier to pronounce & cuz im lazy lol	1
true	0
summer school starts monday	1
wish my dad was here	0
shay mitchell y nick jonas en el videoclip under you	0
my grandpa says the craziest things	0
smothered chicken rice gravy and green beans	0
thanks	0
thank you gemma at potters for my beautiful nails	0
im definitely not a big basketball fan ,  but for some odd reason im super nervous about this game . 	0
me and only have conversations with gifs	0
omg why do peoples phones look wayyy bigger than mine in photos when we have the same exact phone i dont understand .  . 	0
ion wanna leave	1
i need someone to tell me no . 	1
hilarious . 	0
i think the public is scared . 	0
that’s that shit that turned me into a savage	4
bored	1
bored	5
im literally always hungry now and thats a good thing .  starting to eat like a damn dog	0
ill try mo make just a very short one . 	0
can somebody please tell me what salon kim from kevins nails by umd went to ?  damnnn i was pressed to come home and get cleaned up	1
see i started on clear had brown one time and i thought i was tripping lol	0
theres your subtweet	0
stop or my mom will shoot!	0
stop or my mom will shoot!	0
stop or my mom will shoot!	0
lol i wasnt sure which 1 to do first	0
her expressions damn perfect	0
her expressions damn perfect	0
multiple things in my life are spiraling down in one night	2
multiple things in my life are spiraling down in one night	4
i cant believe ive been feeling for this long	2
i cant believe ive been feeling for this long	4
i cant believe ive been feeling for this long	1
ive seen this happen and i agree .  its hard to think of the worst i had the turnstile close on my butt	1
chama-se exames	0
my last rt though  .  .  .  i didnt start getting my confidence until about 2 years ago	1
someone help me find a buff bday dress	1
worst phone call for your guy indeed .  cant believe i have to hear a girl go wild over the phone . 	3
worst phone call for your guy indeed .  cant believe i have to hear a girl go wild over the phone . 	5
probably	0
some how all the music i got downloaded on my phone has disappeared so im struggling listening to the radio while i drive home	1
hell yeah	0
friendship goals daw naglaslas parehas	2
friendship goals daw naglaslas parehas	4
cant wait to graduate and get a real job in something that i actually want to do	1
argentina and now spain . 	1
dont nobody care about what you n that lame ass nigga that dont claim you going through save that shit	0
heaven sounds a little better now .  cant believe some people .  sending love to her family ,  friends and fans .  #ripchristinagrimmie	1
cleveland tho on	0
hes fucking useless .  .  .  watch him score the winner now	0
dreaming of pizza but eating carrots	1
thank you for including my comments .  loved the 1974 film ,  especially as it led me to read all the other ransome books . 	0
why the fuck are all these lawyers yelling at me on their commercial 444-4444	0
take care u guys #buenviajeteambarcelona	0
wtf even happened yesterday once i got home .  .  .  i was far too lifted , 	0
they create copycat accts and things like that .  i just warn the fans now so if things get weird ,  u know its not from me . 	0
it ls hotter than 3 fat people hugging in a phone booth with sweatsuits on jesus	1
it ls hotter than 3 fat people hugging in a phone booth with sweatsuits on jesus	5
ohhh thought maybe you fell may #chapter1was2boring	0
ohhh thought maybe you fell may #chapter1was2boring	0
ohhh thought maybe you fell may #chapter1was2boring	1
aint even reay let that shit get to me this time reay blow this dutch	0
she is beautiful so r you	0
she is beautiful so r you	0
i think jose meant good luck in finding a new club while at the euros	0
my doctor said it would be hard to put on the contacts with my long lashes .  .  .  he wasnt wrong	1
i wouldnt pin it if it wasnt	0
i like cady but cant believe how forty faced shes being .  .  .  . thats your mate girl ,  what you playing at #loveisland	2
yes players too are hot haha no i mean ukraine had several opportunities .  .  .  you were lucky you see  ? 	0
last nights final show at w/ vid by htt…	0
smiling at someone who hates u cuz ur a sassy lil bitch	0
awh im not gon lie they look cute	1
its got steve mclaren / scott carson type disaster written all over it	5
me before you pls . 	1
it never fails i always go to sleep after my girlfriend	1
some people acc disgust me	4
am i the only one still refreshing her email ? 	0
wish my mom didnt have to go to slave for the weekend ,  i need someone to sleep with me and cuddle me	1
someone ,  please send me a happy dm for once ,  i need some motivation	1
i didnt even make it there yet .  spoiler alert!	1
wait wait .  im normally not into white guys so why do i like you ? 	0
#gh is better than #yr gh ?  spent 1 year & a half revealing a undead ,  amnesiac w/a different face quality tv!	2
#gh is better than #yr gh ?  spent 1 year & a half revealing a undead ,  amnesiac w/a different face quality tv!	4
why is everybody going in on herrr and her forehead is slightly enlarged	0
forgot that was in there ,  save it ,  might come useful for a rainy day! #chipotleoverhyped	0
but we knew this	1
i missed love island for this #bbuklive” me too sorry never again!!	2
i missed love island for this #bbuklive” me too sorry never again!!	4
bae says hell call at 7:30 .  6 minutes later and im worried bc he hasnt called	0
they be pushing it	0
its quite hard to let go of this ht #aldubxdrewga	1
i have to register for classes tomorrow and i still have no clue what im taking	0
yeah i saw .  but she still looks cute fahad should make her act	0
social media really ruin people relationships	0
i wonder how much longer we are going to wait	2
i wonder how much longer we are going to wait	4
was that actually her father  ?  ?  lmao dawg	0
cutie baby grey!	0
my wife that i cant talk to is giving me headache	1
when bae is dying downstairs and just wants it to end feel so rough right now	0
still dont feel better and so tired	1
ray bans are the best sunglasses ever and my instagram proves it	0
lol shut up i was lit when i said that	0
lol shut up i was lit when i said that	1
you shouldnt have made this private so i could it 10938292 times to make you famous	2
messis beard is looking pretty scruffy #copaamerica	0
yess claire	1
why am i not at hideout this year	1
remember!people can only humiliate the good ones . good person always gets hurt . its time 2 turn heel #wewantromanreignsback	2
facepalming to bambams dick jokes	0
somebody ft me	1
i cannot lift weights without a jehovah witness coming in to my garage brah	1
did i do something to deserve this	1
im keeping until 10 then im gunna go off on one about it	5
gotta be kidding me	0
i like coolers	0
lol i got ot perfectly	0
gonna be wit my sister today  . 	0
2d and 3d merge together	0
watching the movie the walk	3
watching the movie the walk	5
i apologize for tweeting that again  ,  theres no edit button	0
that is my job .  im joking but sending hugs	1
that is my job .  im joking but sending hugs	0
ima miss my boyfriend while he gone . 	1
poppin antihistamines like candy at this rate of my hay fever	1
gayniaz will never retweet his own tweets thats only for losers	4
good morning ,  tuesday!	0
these folks in barnesville lit tonight	0
shoot im tryna get someone to take me	1
just a great night	2
just a great night	4
ok then	0
damn	2
damn	5
kk ah pow . 	0
i literally saw more adults & teenagers then little kids watching finding dory	0
i didnt know that .  i love them though	0
i aint twisted dreads in like over 6 years i aint know wtf	0
also this dude is awesome too i love his voice	0
hey lil cousin  .  .  you always been pretty to me i miss you doe	0
eee what happened  ? 	1
very tempted to walk to the corner store and get some chips and salsa for this guac .  .  and maybe make chicken nachos	0
glycolic scrub is hands down the best glycolic bases scrub i have ever used well recommended	0
8-4 oh lord be with me	1
currently starving	1
1 ?  love you	0
havent even finished my lesson plans for this coming week .  smh	4
mftlet chnk	0
spent the night with bae at the beach	0
every female knows that look	0
holy block #2	0
if you was born after tupac died please in follow	1
if you was born after tupac died please in follow	4
someone is trying to hack my account	1
me rn	1
my point	0
if they dont take me in the a . m imma go off on her ass im not playing	2
if they dont take me in the a . m imma go off on her ass im not playing	4
also please tell me im not the only one who hates texting their parents	0
jules dont love me anymore sobbing	1
wow! super nice this lots of love	0
wow! super nice this lots of love	0
i feel so empty today	4
awwww i was super ugly but it was 4th grade when you got to nataki	0
thunderstorm	2
thunderstorm	4
ass on whats that	0
i hate that	1
so excited to see on the 30th	2
wait .  which raine ?  do i know her ? 	0
wish my boyfriend would reply . 	2
wish my boyfriend would reply . 	4
bro for life	2
love me or hate me ,  its still an obsession! remember that .  hahaha .  #iwin #keeptweetingaboutme #iloveit #thechallengeri…	0
thanks sweetie .  i think i am being honest about what most delena shippers really want!	2
oo libre foods at diesel mo	0
omg! laurinah is so cute!	0
i need to be sleep cause i got work at 6:30 in the morning but i gotta finish watching this game	1
definitely need to get out my house	3
definitely need to get out my house	5
who is here today at #nvagm16 - tweet hello	0
olive garden for lunch	0
like ,  my stepdad keeps coughing & its driving me insane ,  but if i go outside ,  all i hear is children screaming & idk what to do	1
i wasted almost 8 months on someone i knew wasnt right from the start	1
he always insists on amazon vouchers so he can shop at leisure	0
congratulations to all the seniors	1
i wish i never cut my hair  ,  but i did so	2
salsa lessons at 8 this should be funny	0
download blues	1
when people correct my tweets i just delete the whole thing	0
how did you not know ? 	0
108° in los angeles county .  fires too .  i want to be cooling off . 	1
108° in los angeles county .  fires too .  i want to be cooling off . 	4
im so sick man	1
hell yeah im excited now	0
until when ?  haha study sucks but now dh final week .  tinggal nk hadap exam je	0
whenever i go to do my hair my hairdresser loves to play arnd with my hair as if im her doll	0
happy birthday justin hope youre having a good day	0
dead faces is the "only friend i need"	0
 .  . and getting two like from you kim has just made my day	0
i dont  ,  what you talking about	0
bitches be watching my every move .  hey bitch . 	0
bitches be watching my every move .  hey bitch . 	0
they really left me home alone .  .  . 	1
i think i scared my roommate at orientation already	0
my hoe so pretty	0
thanks man and i dont miss the pool #gopackgo	0
when you wake up somewhere & dont know whats going on or where your phone is	1
gotem hooked #krack	0
i kinda pictured that in my head	0
tell him to get egg roll tonight then .  ill be there	0
if i win this one il give you elilam	1
doctors	0
*mom walking out my room* me:bye mommy ,  have fun mom:clean your room . 	2
*mom walking out my room* me:bye mommy ,  have fun mom:clean your room . 	4
" why you keep changing locations on these ppl peezy  ?  "	0
lol  ,  yeah but your room & my dress just fits each other	0
lol  ,  yeah but your room & my dress just fits each other	1
i had a great time at this morning promoting a career in nutrition brilliant to see so many young people sho…	0
i almost died earlier	3
i almost died earlier	5
i cant wait till tuesday	0
im going to be needing a piece of birthday cake if youre sharing	0
lovely to see you on here haha looks like theres more male wl fans than i thought .  love ye…	0
lovely to see you on here haha looks like theres more male wl fans than i thought .  love ye…	0
wish i was seeing my boyfriend tonight	1
why cant the world be more nice to me	1
you better be lucky i do	0
make me	0
beach days make me happy	0
ive been using only coconut oil i use it all over her body so she smell like an almond joy	1
so me n u combined ?  liss n em forever kate upton . 	0
#throwback one my fav one:face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy:it made us laugh damn hard "lekin anand bhaiyaa lo khush raho chipka best one h…	0
hey i did somethin cute too	0
whaaa g un bon bulletin	0
my bestfriend not texting me back . 	1
i havent seen that movie in a long ,  long time my wife and i were hoping to visit bath on our tour this august	0
i havent seen that movie in a long ,  long time my wife and i were hoping to visit bath on our tour this august	0
#teamspoby the best	0
id feel like i was drinking the inexplicably blue liquid from a sanitary towel advert	3
id feel like i was drinking the inexplicably blue liquid from a sanitary towel advert	5
shell be having a surgery on her abdominal ,  it has stones in the gallbladder .  btw thank you ill pray for u&ur fam too . 	3
shell be having a surgery on her abdominal ,  it has stones in the gallbladder .  btw thank you ill pray for u&ur fam too . 	5
saw that coming	0
- karma (hosted by munch4beats) #ontheway	0
lol no! hunty no	0
seeing all the #pride2016 photos makes me really wish i was there in person . 	1
i know is hard! i told her we could save 50 each week but she said i will think about it	1
i need to get my car checked for monday	1
seventeens repackage album is almost like a mini-album .  as expected of seventeen	0
fair enough didnt think there would be space higher up is all	0
a real nigga is more attractive than a rich nigga thats why i love	0
a real nigga is more attractive than a rich nigga thats why i love	1
im pretty sure ***** hates me	0
nicki minaj autobiography song always makes me tear up especially wen she sings about her baby	1
thanks for the kelley	0
blew me son!	0
cavs fan got too cocky	0
thank you	0
such an emotional wreck today ive just been in tears watching a video of a hen who travels the world on a boat #help	1
she said "thank you girllll"	0
and we will continue to talk about how she got beat up like dont nobody give a fuck about you or your fams feelings	0
oke oke	0
when ya down its crazy how people treat ya ,  come around now cant even hit the reefer	0
im glad we all came together as a twitter family today	0
#londonstays hey ,  you traitor loony euphile leftards .  .  .  get this into your thick no second referendum htt…	0
keep your mouth shut about aly and there will be no problems  .  simple  . 	0
when they came out with "say yes" boyyyy	1
my grandpa needs to let me drive or hurry up and smash	0
thank you	0
cant wait for this cruise sunday	0
coffee team workouts stairmaster more coffee day camp .  .  .  cant wait	0
anyone want to go on a shopping adventure/trip with me soon to columbus	0
my birthday was a month ago yesterday and my mama talking about some lets do something for your birthday	1
as much as i complain about being in miami during the school year  .  .  .  i cant fucking wait to go back	1
honestly getting my fingers tatted next week	5
savannah but they call me savs	0
i feel so sick	1
lol .  not really into overwatch or minecraft ,  but last nights stream was a lot of fun	0
were losing so many gems this year so sad #ripchristinagrimmie	1
s/o to for always being there .  .  even though hes so ugly . 	0
the dance flo silly ,  the ladies gon feel me	0
looks like were going on a date	0
i literally have bags of portioned gum drops for when im low and dont want to drink juice	0
yea that one was pretty good too .  i aint gone lie tho ,  there was a few parts in this movie that had a nigga shook	0
remember those 2 videos i wanted to make but i was scared of ?  yeah .  im going to make another one instead .  but dw this one scares me too	0
fuck you tyler .  i feel so bad for alex .  i love her	1
he sounded like a great man rip	1
aint nobody here to replace you	0
frus to the max #eng	2
i been dealing with bullshit all week .  .  .  lord give me a break	1
when im a nurse practitioner i need to have an office just like	0
nice to hear ,  will also be sports day on thursday ,  hoping for a shout out	0
wish the game was tonight	4
halftime .  lamang lima . 	2
halftime .  lamang lima . 	4
she wasnt here long	0
damn is that actually you ? 	0
sabado teamviewing	1
my initials are "mam" and people always said hi to you by "well howdy there maam" or "hello maam"  .  .  .  #growingupwithmyname	2
my initials are "mam" and people always said hi to you by "well howdy there maam" or "hello maam"  .  .  .  #growingupwithmyname	4
i want some berkinstocks . 	0
 . @thesumeetgill to my mind ,  companionship is over-rated .  some of us have mostly lived single all through our lives	0
going to be a boring weekend for me when everyone is going to wildlife	1
horrid little man .  scaremongering tactics typical of a politician .  rough times ahead	1
the king in the bloodclart north! im too gassed	0
its horrible	1
9 ,  but the manager offered to give me a lift so i might see you for one day actually missin you	0
9 ,  but the manager offered to give me a lift so i might see you for one day actually missin you	2
9 ,  but the manager offered to give me a lift so i might see you for one day actually missin you	5
ill watch it as soon as i finish the new season of orange is the new black	2
ill watch it as soon as i finish the new season of orange is the new black	5
but i been smoking these new ports ,  i gotta quit yo	1
but i guess if you have loads of money people will listen	2
but i guess if you have loads of money people will listen	4
when im hungry i be so irked .  .  soon as i eat ,  my whole mood change	0
superb picture collage keep it up ur edits awesome expression	0
i cant get over this omgggg !!	5
tired of everything	1
i can do something upscale	0
should i shave the moustache  ? 	3
noooooo !! man im dead	0
140 characters arent enough for me to write about ya i miss you sm & am so glad to call you my friend ,  love you crybabybritt	1
i shouldnt be laughing this hard	0
i shouldnt be laughing this hard	1
me nigga	0
your gonna like it just a lil sad	0
im back	0
love seeing the referees trying to let gsw back into this game	2
love seeing the referees trying to let gsw back into this game	4
still feels weird referring to loughborough as uni when that should mean york	1
man my chest hurting	1
everything is slowly falling into place ,  blessed	0
go away jugaboo it was a good game tho	0
cant no nigga eva say i ain neva stayed tru	1
hush now and look at the filippi tweet/text i sent you	0
if i could get who i want  .  .  .  i swear i would be the happiest person in the world	0
urgh .  .  .  i want mercys golden staff so bad .  its so pretty and wear that with her amber skin and	0
i feel like im gonna be a soccer mom one day driving all the kids around and my house will be the fun house	0
maybe because the guy is singing bruce  ,  whatever ,  its just a nice song . 	0
do we want to talk about how brazil feels ? 	0
definitely ,  i told im ready to meet your as well	0
definitely ,  i told im ready to meet your as well	0
definitely ,  i told im ready to meet your as well	0
its tense!	2
its tense!	5
i freaking miss the sun	1
hey ,  drew ! so happy to "see" you again ! hope everything is fine for you .  have a great week too !	0
cold water is so good for my headaches	1
have to go running tomorrow	1
its always some shit i swear man	2
its always some shit i swear man	4
you guys so obsessive its ok i love my fans	0
you guys so obsessive its ok i love my fans	1
alhamdulillah couldnt be happier trusting allah is honestly the best you could ever do	0
alhamdulillah couldnt be happier trusting allah is honestly the best you could ever do	0
gud .  .  .  best of luck	0
im vibing	1
what if he just walked in & was like you still dawg	0
kodak really that nigga	2
omg this day was so funny well that night	0
whos he	0
hate when ppl show off i got sum for that goodnight	0
hate when ppl show off i got sum for that goodnight	0
cant wait to get back home	1
need to be around some right now	2
need to be around some right now	5
$20 bralettes at victorias secret i want some so bad	1
$20 bralettes at victorias secret i want some so bad	1
never been soo pissed before	2
i love music	0
stay strong anna	0
its 4 oclock & im still up	1
good luck with humble	0
you dont run but your mouth	1
with good line	3
with good line	5
when you really start to catch feelings for somebody that shit hit hard asf	1
we have a baby with hes called "fat"	0
his nose is cute	1
treymon brought my birthday gifts	0
woke up this morning with the stamp from last night imprinted on my face! bloody grazed my knee too somehow! ffs what a mess	0
2016 - 2017 asb members next week june 23rd ! 11 am - 3 pm ! if you are still interested in joining and didnt apply plz come !	0
i like rain but not storm!	1
clive chat bollox "justice for the england 11 . "	3
clive chat bollox "justice for the england 11 . "	5
clive chat bollox "justice for the england 11 . "	3
clive chat bollox "justice for the england 11 . "	3
when im at the beach i tan so fast	0
lmao ok bet ,  i gotta find someone to do it first	1
he really still fucking that hoe  ,  bitch got em in his feelings now he tripping on me	1
i knew curry was gon go off tonight .  .  . 36 points	0
got us excited for nothing	2
this nigga here	0
i lost my phone charger .  .  .  im gonna die	1
ah right oppa	3
ah right oppa	5
ugh istalk pa	1
gina ,  shannon and i all have boyfriends yet we were all obsessing over how hot this girl in mcdonalds was	0
back at u boo	0
it was a joke	0
thank you for this sunday blessing	0
i hate literally fucking everyone	0
oh i know that pain	0
then perfectt	0
some girls get a text a week	0
my prayers goes out to everyone in #orlando my heart broke when it happened on a gay night club!	1
i hit threes off balance	0
stop playing with my mans	0
angelo day  ,  twin day  ,  the 4 then lee buiscutt day princeton finna go up	2
angelo day  ,  twin day  ,  the 4 then lee buiscutt day princeton finna go up	0
they are playing the #puertoricandayparade on tv .  no pre-shows or anything .  not to mention its a lot shorter .  #cantstopus	2
they are playing the #puertoricandayparade on tv .  no pre-shows or anything .  not to mention its a lot shorter .  #cantstopus	4
twitter wasnt the same . 	1
if somebody hack my shit we fighting deadass	0
glizzy	2
ikr night bro	0
love you ladies but cant watch . cant stand to see mke face . 	0
my head is starting to hurt	1
oh mane im scared	5
yet again two brilliant interviews from to and to thankyou boys	0
i let people do there thing ill never trip	0
i let people do there thing ill never trip	0
girl that avi .  happy birthday jaz!	1
thank you beautiful	0
ça essaye de faire genre pour me rendre jalouse i m just sitting there drinking my cup of tea baby staring at u	0
what can i say i have a great taste in entertainment hey but im down	0
#storysocial i am 50% too! woot woot!	0
wish i was at this copa america game with and	1
congrats	0
congrats	0
congrats	0
i sent you this .  .  . 	0
no problem .  i just say ,  if u not add me i will unf u . 	0
all i need is 5 oclock to be here already #isthattoomuchtoask #longweekendmuthafuckas	1
yes ,  yes and no idea ,  mike ? ! #theressomuchgoingon ^nikhita	0
damn i been knowing payton for a min	0
seen you in school we never spoke tho oh and you phat	0
imma ignore that you spelled my name wrong but thank you pancha!	0
which one am i	0
i was going to but i cant now	1
thank you !	0
perfect!	0
facebook should be able to suggest live video post for sudanese wa mamas	0
my boo did her thanggg on them drinks todayyy	0
this is the best tweet! youd look so hot in her famous red dress with your bulge showing off why youre extra special	0
this is the best tweet! youd look so hot in her famous red dress with your bulge showing off why youre extra special	0
happy birthday rahul gandhi ji	0
also not sure who i am anymore as im sitting in my room watching the football by myself on my laptop	2
also not sure who i am anymore as im sitting in my room watching the football by myself on my laptop	5
i thought you were running with  ; -) geez  .  .  now i have to choose!	0
"ah if so then you might be okay when im gone" "noooo .  no one can replace you" udah kaya baca drama .  feel banget	0
he also punched a cars aircon vent and ruined it .  bye good boy mark	0
away to check snapchat	0
i miss my stinka	1
basically and you dont have to share food	0
only in az is the sun red	3
only in az is the sun red	5
i need to step my sauce up .  is this what going to the gym does for you ? 	0
happy birthday ang! enjoy your day	0
im such a lowkey bitch	0
thanks for sharing	0
all of my texts are gone ,  but my phone is back in action .  . 	0
cavs or gsw ?  󾌴󾌴 me ?  idc who wins hahaha	0
#heartbreakswhen ignored	1
i literally see luke more than i see my own father and thats sad	0
i just wanna talk to vont	1
who doesnt ? 	0
guess theres no point in trying anymore .  .  .  you want nothing to do with me .  2 years of friendship ,  gone	1
tryna fuck my baby mother ?  dog wassup with you	4
i mean there nothing special theyre just really adorable it just tastes like pancake with ice cream . 	0
these tweets are killing me tonight	0
im going to be dwight for halloween . 	0
im some milk and a butterfinger	0
my new tes spoon necklace though #futuremrs	0
some kind of way ive ended up watching boxing	4
wtf im not finna argue with nobody on the phone	0
coming from the dad who cant spell daughter	0
lowkey mad im on the last episode	2
lowkey mad im on the last episode	4
quick s/o to just cuz i can	0
thank you	0
cant believe im still up . 	1
you need	0
happy burpday to a couple of legends  ,  have we had that pint yet	3
happy burpday to a couple of legends  ,  have we had that pint yet	5
you cant imagine how important you are to and your follow would mean the to i love you so x71	1
go on the buffs	0
awe i love you!! and yeah same i wouldnt either	0
bout to go home & snuggle tf outta my pillow	0
goodmorning sammy	0
prays he dont have twitter	1
your welcome	0
i wanna go blonde	1
its hard being a pmf  . 	0
boy said if your 24+ and single you need to make peace with the fact youll be a step parent	1
i forgot to go get my damn medicine	1
cool .  whats your number ?  ill call you next time it happens	0
youtube red ?  do i have to ? !! ok . 	1
deleting your tweet cause you look dumb ? 	0
i think i just cry a bit	0
find the camera  ,  cover up the camera  ,  throw a party	0
soccer frustrates me guys	1
understand that .  just sayin ppl be quick to judge on something and cant do the same .  idk who cooks 4 course meals though	0
my own bed	0
happy birthday alex!!	0
boss told me 8 years back no more pay rises as there are polish lads queing round the block for your job	1
youre not wrong now wang time	0
g i remember this .  i use to watch reawakening faithfully	1
who said i was happy  ?  & im not evil	2
who said i was happy  ?  & im not evil	4
mom fist bumped me during the graduation ceremony because a speaker quoted our boy walt disney 29 more days	0
char .  .  .  .  ? 	0
i love my new foot tattoo ,  but i have to say ,  it hurts a lot more than my other two did .  and my first one was on my ribcage . 	1
hahaha youre too sweet ive stuck with the boys for 3 years through thick and thin so im sure it was just time lol	0
when you condone someone being mistreated or bullied you are equally responsible as the person doing it! practice love no…	0
| rise & shine sitting thanking god 4 blessing u 2 see another day hope this day would be good 2 ya	0
| rise & shine sitting thanking god 4 blessing u 2 see another day hope this day would be good 2 ya	0
i lost respek for lebron the player .  just a big cry baby who can dish it & cant take it .  .  .  . all of a sudden trash talk gets 2 him	0
ill try you will look amazing and all the other bridesmaids and of course the bride cxx	1
yup im pissed snitches man	0
got a interview thursday	0
my bitch forever	0
it was hilarious too	0
look forward to seeing you on tuesday . 	0
i will indeed	0
she doesnt want you	0
i want to buy cute clothes ,  i want make up ughh	1
do good business got old line still trying to invest	0
please tell me you have mos blasting in the helicopter or is that for when you are waiting for a call ?  #npasravers	0
im so excited for florida	0
stop being a bird i wanted mcdonalds fries .  . got it and now my stomach is in shambles	1
21 days until im 21	2
ur facebook id and ur frndship	4
im not dead gdi	4
he puts up with my unstable emotions hes a keeper	1
wanna workout ?  my squat weight is up	0
neshas so dramaticccc!	0
i dont think ill sleep tonight until i know shes okay #prayforchristina	1
finna get lifted	0
nobody texting my phone	1
so glad i finally just bought this eyeshadow palette	0
so excited! just found out o & i are going to get to meet jaime from on 2nd july .  .  .  i think im more excited than o is	0
hearing the "older group" play star wars	0
i love when the air come on when i be in the tub	1
it seem like you always see his ass but never me but i got chuu we gone smoke some moody blunts soon i promise lol	0
have your dinner yet pretty unnie ? 	0
this was such a good look in too his heritage and so sweet x	0
its cool	0
dont worry .  its just about the timing	0
you know it my buzzfeed celeb	0
you know it my buzzfeed celeb	0
students awarded and 300 parents attended tonights oscar awards .  wow! thank you to everyone for your support and belief	0
30 min ago i gave a shot to the #amazonmusic app just because it’s free with #prime… in one emoji ?  #nowplaying #spotify .  #ui #ux #fb	1
30 min ago i gave a shot to the #amazonmusic app just because it’s free with #prime… in one emoji ?  #nowplaying #spotify .  #ui #ux #fb	5
taraji senior on the stage thats bae	0
shes kinda attractive	0
snapchat is about to get super lit within these next few days	0
when you post a fire snap and they hit you with that "how you been" text	0
nomzamo mbatha is proof that there is a god .  all of that couldnt have created itself nubian princess indeed	0
#brexit is sooo real were next #openyoureyes	1
lost the and got it right back now lets finish these last two strong	2
lol im sure youll make me watch something else	0
one reason i dont do yellas .  they be in they feelings . 	2
one reason i dont do yellas .  they be in they feelings . 	4
you right bro	1
appreciation tweet for my guy wade smith the best principal in the hrsb	0
i dont want to be ill	3
i dont want to be ill	5
#ff strong independent women like just cuz	0
stuck lf	1
bout that time	0
i went through the "scene" phase in middle school and it was horrible	1
go to sleep now!	1
i dont know how im going to make a cute winston alpaca .  .  hes a gorilla	1
haha i aint worried about you one bit!	0
haha i aint worried about you one bit!	1
june baby happy birthday	0
june baby happy birthday	0
yunho will be a judge	3
yunho will be a judge	5
omg i already miss you so much ,  just dont go . 	1
how am i still not ready	1
love being salvadorian man	0
the last full day in l . a a week goes by so quickly	1
the last full day in l . a a week goes by so quickly	1
what can you send me more information on who i could contact by chance please ? !	5
omfg i miss dovey wtff	0
but then ill never see you again	1
missing people sucks	1
i cant even get out this bed	0
#oomf in love with this boy but he ate my coochie and she love kissing on him	0
and if i was near you i would have brought you one too! keep serving sweet girl!!! we love you!	0
the stubbing of a toe is something i wish upon nobody . 	3
i got a lot just about every kind except for the seamless	1
im about to follow all of lex for this	0
im trying to figure out why yall keep locking me out of my account	2
ok international fans are dying to know where you guys are going for your tour and the dates! please x	0
thats so cute	0
you have to get a better plug	0
if launching was the plan ,  what was master blaster tharanga doing in the team ? 	0
so girls was eating other girls out at the freaknik ? 	4
just checked my card balance and with the amount of food i buy its a miracle theres still money on there	0
ive been saying this for a year	0
boarding house feels	0
someone call me or something . 	1
good morning bra! i hope you had a great sleep doe -	0
all the best .  . cant wait to hear u	0
roy rogers neck ass i miss you	0
see you natural i loves you	0
see you natural i loves you	0
ive noticed that im not even close to my parents so i dont care about getting close to anyone else .  lol i care able me and me only	0
huh ?  what ?  ya broke boy	0
hahah awh your to sweet	0
youre gorgeous asf	0
hehe thanks	0
i hope yall have a productive day	0
for what	1
he said her feet were a turn on	1
its suppose to be 15 but i take 20 - 25 i be mfn tied	0
its suppose to be 15 but i take 20 - 25 i be mfn tied	1
your fault for making a racist video like that	2
your fault for making a racist video like that	4
nothing more nerve-wrecking than being on bar during rush then qasa walks in	1
another nice playlist ,  where we can listen to slow jams and slow jams only	0
slept early last night (early 4 me)just to forget ng very slight pero when i woke up ,  its still the same eh huy	1
damn why is she always right ? 	0
yeah veer zaara what an epic story	0
yeah veer zaara what an epic story	0
slide in my dms with anime suggestions	1
how could it be ruined by staying at the gym all day long ? 	0
you have to let bygones be bygones	0
why cant i ever sleep in ? 	2
why cant i ever sleep in ? 	4
aww looks how i feel today	1
im bouta play him	0
always gotta spend money	2
always gotta spend money	4
sadly that will never happen though  .  .  . 	1
i did a thousand toe to bars yesterday and im feeling it today	1
havent heard from him all dayy  ,  && getting kinda worried	1
the guilty speaks . 	1
i wish i had the level of confidence that miss juicy has #littlewomenatl	0
thank you!	0
i went to the cinema to see it and as i walked in i saw a bunch of kids ,  but its not a kids film you know ? 	0
ilysm no way do you really	0
ilysm no way do you really	1
single taken happy	2
single taken happy	4
me too	0
boateng moving like paul scholes	1
soo mad that im calm  . 	2
soo mad that im calm  . 	4
well we didnt come last surprised we were a few from the end - now time for yummy breakfast in the shearing house	0
well we didnt come last surprised we were a few from the end - now time for yummy breakfast in the shearing house	0
ugh i was just there you shouldve	1
wen maturity comes in ,  respect is always greater than attention	0
girl you got a whole nigga dont be retweeting my shit !	0
just fuck her and get off her dick already	2
just fuck her and get off her dick already	4
i hate my house	0
thank you	0
whoa you can song beautiful voice you got	0
what is wrong with people	0
church camp in less than 14 days .  its gonna be a good one!	0
stopppp it really is though ahaha but damn! alright ,  wanted to test out ryze new update .  but seems like im sol	1
just waking up	3
just waking up	5
ive been sick for a whole week this some bs	1
it was the best feeling ever walking back into last night for another season and just feeling like im finally home #oafaaf	0
about to start hanging with boys they get turnt	0
correction good dick does me good headass	0
lol were gonna start from now ?  and of course not ,  i got nothing to hide .  im like an open book bro just saying its a good idea	0
omg im in tears !! love you queen!	1
got you on that nigga music	0
lmfao shutup!! thanks boy	0
i wish i could give my mom the world	1
taeyeon is getting another solo .  when will my fave ? 	3
taeyeon is getting another solo .  when will my fave ? 	5
had my final scan and have been given the all clear by the surgeon! now i can push on and be fully fit for pre season!	0
beach sunday is going to be poppin	0
omfg ,  yes .  i need to get dark . 	1
my mom asked me if im gonna have kids soon ,  i told her not on purpose .  my cousin told me "cover the stump before you hump"	0
i definitely look cute today  ,  its litty	0
the kid in me still wants to marry if youre 21 and still love your childhood crush theyre doing good…	0
thank you so much!	0
you wouldnt care if i was a dyke or not  ,  feet still going in ya mouth	2
you wouldnt care if i was a dyke or not  ,  feet still going in ya mouth	5
- i met you at a party! youre so pretty and funny . 	2
i wanna try tt huge huge sotong badly	1
goodluck to all the students like me ,  and also to the teachers and professors as well .  .  aja!!	0
goodluck to all the students like me ,  and also to the teachers and professors as well .  .  aja!!	0
yo self esteem is a little too high	0
just for you	0
damn she just called you a bum again	0
how did i drop a little over 400 today	0
my nails are so weak now	1
my 2nd uber driver of the he is old ,  grumpy ,  ran a red light and has no idea how to read a gps and i had to tell him where to go	0
wingstop sound sooooo good rn	1
i close tonight & tomorrow	1
shootout it is #vamosargentina	2
shootout it is #vamosargentina	4
shootout it is #vamosargentina	4
miah a stone cold freak	0
the world is a scary place . 	1
sweet pansies ,  always delightful ,  thank you ian!	0
mon snap buuuug	1
happy birthday hope you had a good birthday celeb! hope to see ya around ,  beautiful	0
aldub you sak noel . thank you #aldubebtrumpets	0
damn lol thanks	3
might even finesse fasfa	0
lol i literally only text 3 people back	0
its funny when people try too pass jonny	0
my leg really healing man all praise be to most high no weapon formed against me shall prosper	1
tina over there like she got kids	0
girl yasssss:face_with_tongue: .  i knowwww im famous betch ! got more rts than followers but thats okay imma enjoy…	0
girl yasssss:face_with_tongue: .  i knowwww im famous betch ! got more rts than followers but thats okay imma enjoy…	0
thank you donny	0
walang assignment!!	0
im such an awkward person if i dont know you	0
anybody beating him	0
i hate being disrespected more than anything	4
thanks ,  sandra!!	0
i hate when my belly ring gets stuck on stuff!!	1
lmao ,  your just on your phone	0
fuck the cavs wether its rigged or not tbh	0
girl why its fine	0
in here by myself	0
so proud of my julie	0
since whenn	1
im connected 2 da pussy like wifi	0
haha yeah i loved her look too	0
i dont haha but coffee is everyones bff	2
i dont haha but coffee is everyones bff	5
just done some damage on asos in prep for hen do ,  as all my summer clothes are now too big .  mixed blessing .  me = purse =	0
just done some damage on asos in prep for hen do ,  as all my summer clothes are now too big .  mixed blessing .  me = purse =	1
just done some damage on asos in prep for hen do ,  as all my summer clothes are now too big .  mixed blessing .  me = purse =	5
they can suck my left and right ball	0
i gotta change my password again	1
ahh cool .  yeah well i think that new one will look good x	0
bro i miss having you in class we need to hangout soon	1
bro i miss having you in class we need to hangout soon	1
my heart . 	1
i want a baby but i dont have a husband	1
thank you qui mi amor	0
ill be gentle dont you scream  ,  getting hotter make it softer feel your chest on top of me	0
i pretty much talk to a wall	0
say no more	4
i know! im so excited to use it!	1
i know! im so excited to use it!	4
she didnt have her phone literally the whole year	1
popeyes two blocks away and i dont wanna walk	1
when you dancing in your living room and forget theres cameras that your parents watch  .  .  .  . 	1
makes me sad cause im behind and everyone else is ahead in this episode #thebachelorette	1
very good question	0
wow spoiler alert	4
logging online in a few come hang!	0
cant wait until i get off work	2
cant wait until i get off work	5
#criticalrole ep 41 - vex/jaret .  i ship it . 	0
justin was the only person i was missing	1
im just ready to go home and eat	1
thanks man	0
ffs love island isnt on till 10 tonight can barely keep my eyes open as it is	0
ffs love island isnt on till 10 tonight can barely keep my eyes open as it is	1
aduh .  .  shock	5
triple white in this rainy season ? 	1
okeyy	0
everyone know drunk rock lee is the goat js . 	1
cant believe i havent watched a single euro2016 match yet	1
i love waking up to selfies of my boo	0
good news to wake up to we are independent im ecstatic	0
i need to start on these papers	1
omw to this meeting at work	1
when you want to play #splatoon ,  or really any game online ,  but all dem connection errors dont feel like cooperating . 	2
when people try it with jackie and they know we like frick and frack and where she lacks im coming it	0
when people try it with jackie and they know we like frick and frack and where she lacks im coming it	0
summertime getting to these niggas head yall need to sttoopp iittt . 	0
i swear i can be laying here watching tv & then ill be sleep	1
text me bro	0
yes yes thank u so much	0
time to snuggle my bed . 	0
im glad you think of me when you see the number 69	0
she need to text me back	1
run for office	3
im saying the aint got no shooting guard	0
welcome back to twitter!	0
like a pool shot!	0
store bought got nothing on me	0
i think you thought wrong	1
finally tapos na sa assignments!	0
wyd today  ? 	0
i want to go on vacation	1
"you need to stop losing weight you look too skinny ,  eat more" -my aunt and grandma	0
this is the shortest trip ive had to newport	1
thankyou lord	0
its raining again	0
haha this made me laugh ,  thank you naomi i love you	0
she is so talented .  .  .  and i dont want to say she was .  .  .  because she still is .  .  .  #ripchristina	1
ok crackin up more at the girl in the background	0
dude forreal  ?  that sucks	1
so billy trynna be as quiet as he can be in the car lol chloe asking him to open his mouth to show her theres no candy	0
applause ,  just musing if they could pay you more since they were willing to part with $179	3
applause ,  just musing if they could pay you more since they were willing to part with $179	5
pink wig thick ass give them whiplash	2
that xhaka-giroud bromance video .  having watched it countless times ,  just cant get enough of it .  so ,  again on loop . 	0
got to say my last goodbye to mr .  porter ,  the legend	1
xanny type of night	2
she was perfect tonight	0
someones prep game is off .  .  .  literally .  .  . 	4
some like that i waited till 1% but it dies slow so im good	0
some like that i waited till 1% but it dies slow so im good	0
boyyyyy!!!! im dying	0
but guess whos going to shut up and do it	0
you ever try to figure out why a car looks funny ?  & its because theyre missing a fender	0
is that any of your business	2
now all the cavs fans are out pathetic .  when they were down 2-0 yall were silent .  now yall feelings yaselfs	1
mother behind us to her child "omg you have cotton candy in your eyelashes"	0
youre welcome	0
that was a good day	0
yall cutee	0
thanks vm maria	0
thank you so much for having us ,  such a fun day! we should do it again sometime ? !	0
sht chance beh	0
happy heart graduating with the people who made these 4 years a blast was a plus congrats everyone!!	0
im croke he do ,  he trynna look humble for twitter	0
& happy bday qt	0
& happy bday qt	0
idk how ima do this tomorrow	1
imani got me fucked up with this bestfriend shit  .  we got better shit to do	0
this creep is keep looking at us while we work out	0
my brothers birthday! should remember that! love a new venue! thank you for sharing! feeling jollier now!	0
no need  .  my pleasure x	0
dont have to worry about that	0
i really miss my mom	1
les underwood ils sont fou #houseofcards	3
les underwood ils sont fou #houseofcards	5
i think im picking that weight back up & a little bit more too	1
have nothing else to spend my money on so decided im going to redo my whole room and im so excited about it	0
wow looking hot and awesome .  . 	0
i dont watch movies	0
the names terry ,  terry henry	0
my family decided to get creative in naming me	0
beautiful face with a beautiful voice	0
just got some great news .  man god be looking out!	1
man nigga i ah thick ass down	0
my smile look real cute in my avi	0
dont you just hate it when this happens ? 	0
- pretty girllll but you cool af and funny  .  .  hml tho	0
soph please tell just that her twitter has blocked me and i dont know what i have done for her to do that	1
girls be treating they cna diploma like a college diploma these days	0
i would break my fucking phone while i’m at the poconos	2
right	0
this show on tv pathetic asf	2
this show on tv pathetic asf	4
you never need a tv series when you have a as a friend	2
you never need a tv series when you have a as a friend	5
only thing you eat more tho lol	0
here it is on fathers day and game 7 and i gotta work this shitty job	2
here it is on fathers day and game 7 and i gotta work this shitty job	4
very	0
very	0
ive been soooo lazy so far	4
kim on the ride in kourtneys snapchat is one of the funniest things	0
for the last season i want to have a major got viewing party with everybody i know that is also a game of thrones fan	0
listening to my recordings from the sarah kaye & phil kay poetry night ugh .  who wants me to send it to their emails	0
daniel padilla suprised his lucky fan in barcelona .  this is every djp fans dream .  htt…	0
lol trip no moe	0
you wake up turn your swag on ,  i wake up turn my heat on	0
i turn 19 this year ?  ?  ?  & still get treated like im 15-16 . 	0
that does suck ,  but we all know the real celebration(s) begin at the club .  he will just be there ahead gettin all prepped!	0
lets do it tgif	0
lets get new movie to no .  1!!! #besomebodymovietonumber1 #besomebodymovie i love you matt please follow 26	0
lets get new movie to no .  1!!! #besomebodymovietonumber1 #besomebodymovie i love you matt please follow 26	0
you not off the hook	0
i am weirdly in love with this nightgown that i bought .  its so silky .  i cant stop rubbing it against my skin . 	0
*should	0
hes unattractive now that i think about it	0
consistent sya ,  dati when he was asked he also said nadine lustre .  we love you bugoy!	0
i text so many people	2
i text so many people	5
are you serious right now god can you just cut me some slack	1
yea!! i do that always to her when i want a boys nite out	0
my forever favorite song from super its you	1
me too	1
i do it all babygirl	0
you would	0
wtf you look amazing kenz !!! im so lucky	0
go buy some pounds ,  we never know what future brings	0
i got to pet my neighbors dog and i can go to bed happy now . 	0
the brib	0
you can stuck a hot curling iron up my ass	0
and send it to me ,  of course . 	0
actively seek out that which excites your soul . 	0
yes bitch yes	0
i wish i was back in new orleans . 	1
yassssss ahaha! too funny .  its like that sometimes ahah!	0
game of thrones or hardcore henry ? 	1
"bet ur bottom dollar" told yall she is a white rich woman from the hamptons	0
you welcome	0
i knew hed be back .  .  they always come back . 	0
damn	0
thanks baby .  .  .  descansa	0
these words that moved me .  i dont have a father ,  should be awesome having a	1
tomorrow we say goodbye to ks divina character and opening a new chapter as maine mendoza bittersweet moment .  #aldub…	0
tomorrow we say goodbye to ks divina character and opening a new chapter as maine mendoza bittersweet moment .  #aldub…	1
6 days till vacation	0
snagged that one didnt you ,  tay tay ? 	0
i told you wassup ya think im playing games tho prolly lol but it is what it is  .  you fine asf tho  .  .  sickenin	0
i told you wassup ya think im playing games tho prolly lol but it is what it is  .  you fine asf tho  .  .  sickenin	0
i told you wassup ya think im playing games tho prolly lol but it is what it is  .  you fine asf tho  .  .  sickenin	0
that shit is going to suck . 	3
that shit is going to suck . 	5
the giant	1
the "watch out" song by 2 chainz will forever remind me of	1
my leg is aching really bad	1
almost a year	0
its awful like even my winter coat isnt keeping me dry	1
new goal for this summer .  .  . @tmcnults2016 watch out	0
new episode of scream tomorrow ,  my mouth dropped the way last weeks episode ended	1
really ? ! nicee i think italian is so beautiful .  .  i want to learn it lol	0
i love when you nearly finish something and then you fuck it all up and have to start again	2
oh ,  discussing aggers tattoos bring me back to the good old days	0
heyyyy ! happy birthday dude ! try not to get too drunk	0
just wanna get home from work ,  get into bed and watch gossip girl	1
yaaa .  we have to .  .  i only sempat plan for like 2 or 3 songs ja but didnt manage to apply it . 	0
my legs are on top of him i wonder if hes comfy	0
stg i got such good friends . 	1
love them tracking numbers	0
insyaallah ameen .  will do ,  thanks for the doa mint!	0
why did i agree to a 09:05am appointment at specsavers ?  im not working today ,  so i really should still be asleep	1
dear (opp cv ,  ikeja) y will u serve me chicken and chips without ketchup thats disrespectful ,  if u dont hv ,  dont sell	1
why is instagram randomly deleting some of my photos	2
thanks bitch	0
ion even wanna go to d&b with them they erking me	2
ion even wanna go to d&b with them they erking me	4
i love your profile picture	0
finally upgraded my phone	0
havent had fun since i left orlando	1
see sam sit .  see sam fall . 	0
tanga on the loose!	0
awww man yall down bad cause my dude curry aint getting no tonight	0
hahaha tell the owner to buy a new one with anti slip tyres lah	0
beb do you want to buy lipstick its mac lipstick for only 200 pesos message me if you want	0
beb do you want to buy lipstick its mac lipstick for only 200 pesos message me if you want	2
beb do you want to buy lipstick its mac lipstick for only 200 pesos message me if you want	5
i hate math	0
forced to stay up for another hour	1
didnt know you stress this much as a teen wish i could be young again without a worry in the world	1
liked*	1
bye hubby	1
its fine ,  i already knew this aha	0
loving that tb thanks angel	0
loving that tb thanks angel	0
a horrible idea but its okay im sure you have many other great ideas	0
ah now its too early for this!	0
mostly ,  but i can also find other info by just searching it on google	0
bout to watch like mike and eat some doritos and peanut butter	0
 ,  it aint funny  .  yall always disrespecting me  .  bastards	2
 ,  it aint funny  .  yall always disrespecting me  .  bastards	4
toms huffs are beginning to really piss me off #loveisland	2
toms huffs are beginning to really piss me off #loveisland	4
thank you for the and support	0
so many lovely photos	0
i post pics & get off	1
nope	0
ugh dear john is on tv and its giving me all the feels	0
i fuck with people too heavy and they dont even fuck with me the same way ,  that shit crazy b	0
im the worst at putting eyelashes and im never gonna get better its always a mess	2
hahaha we are super cool ,  no doubt .  we will glad i now have a fellow stalker	0
yes .  but i havent seen the other theo	0
too tired	0
good night	0
1 .  name ? 	0
lmao mine too hate that shit	1
officially going to dc next weekend	0
no stan vs delpo tommorow	1
kodak why you do me like dat  .   .   .  i just wanna lil luv ! no btch imma thug	1
def said love bites .  why is that so accurate ? 	0
if you tweet about wanting to cuddle  ,  booty rubs  ,  or etc ever other day you basic	2
if you tweet about wanting to cuddle  ,  booty rubs  ,  or etc ever other day you basic	4
i need a part time job to support my habits .  main job only manages to pay bills	1
i cant wait for this	0
oh so ready to be fit thick . 	0
why cant i sleep . 	1
you have no idea	0
with the best ppl a while ago	0
great legs	0
so .  .  .  watch out for that i guess ?  ?  ?  poor thing	1
 .  .  .  #aboutjoan - ive only been to 1 club once in joburg ,  which was last october .  taboo .   .  .  . 	0
watching it rn	0
idc what nobody say based on a tru story a classic by 2 chainz	0
the garbage truck played k-pop music	0
bye ,  bye #eng you were laughing at us #esp because italy left us out & now #isl just kick your ass #karmaisabitch	0
ok im starving .  .  .  i played 3games today and only ate once	4
oh my gosh benta!!!!!	0
when you dont fuck with people like you thought you did .  .  .  smh .  .  and jc i got much love for you	0
even though i saw them a few years ago on warped it looks like i have to see yellowcard one last time on this years tour	1
i dont know how to forget you .  .  . oh no im catching feelings	0
lmao its okay	0
when you take the roof off the jeep and it starts raining	1
great example theyve set in front of young people - when you lose a battle ,  cheat .  when you fail ,  cheat cheat cheat! #udtapunjableaked	1
taco bell pissed me & my stomach off	2
lol yeah	0
omg i look like a turtle i love you!!	0
omg i look like a turtle i love you!!	4
im coming home to you	0
since i work overnight  ,  ill go to church this afternoon	0
thanks babe!!!	0
be somebody is out #besomebodymovietonumber1 im so proud of u follow te ×1352	1
yup ,  it came out of nowhere! renaykappa seriously happy for both of you!	0
yall go follow  .  .  she like boyysssss	0
thanks jenna	0
i was once in love	0
casually sweet ayieeeeeeeee! #aldubgoldenweeksary	0
casually sweet ayieeeeeeeee! #aldubgoldenweeksary	0
soo much effort tanning but boring looking like a milk bottle	4
as soon as we step on the boat london drops his phone in the water	0
no calls tonight	3
no calls tonight	5
ill definitely hit you up soon then	0
vardy	0
i just woke up	0
last day hearing my 5 alarms go off in the morning	0
he mightve been old . 	0
super	0
wish everybody the best of luck with their dreams and aspirations .  our class was great and will be great .  go far class of 2016	0
to ona cute	0
to ona cute	0
"he hasnt conceded from that far since 2012" "what i want to know is who monitors things like that ?  what else does…	0
ffs i know the country is in deep shit but some of these memes on twitter are making me weep	0
someone should get some din w me	0
practice be killing me	1
but still no schedule	2
but still no schedule	4
you were	0
ugh i cant remember season 2 of oitnb	0
and kindness ,  respect ,  and mutual adoration keep us together .  capn&tenille ?  ? 	0
and kindness ,  respect ,  and mutual adoration keep us together .  capn&tenille ?  ? 	0
im sorry video is up yet it will be u at 5 also video will be up normal time on tuesday	0
2 in the morning my mind is on you	0
treating myself to bibble tomorrow because its press day and im covering a gala #lol	1
treating myself to bibble tomorrow because its press day and im covering a gala #lol	5
my life is fucked up as shit	0
yesss soon!!	0
the night im up ,  everyone wants to go to sleep	1
fun while it lasted	0
day 7 of 8 .  lets go i can do this .  then after i can sleep for like 30 hours	0
son tyler is dope	1
╰⋃╯ლ(´ڡ`ლ) omg what even is this emoticon ? ! i am having way too much fun with this!!!	0
• rice square • me u and jacqui • spencer ,  ma	1
the one day i dont wear makeup i end up taking a picture with guardado	1
if you havent seen hotel hell .  .  .  check it out .  dying laughing	0
good luck	1
rwby is the last tweet of yours i will ever see	0
you dont be giving it to me tho	1
i love you so much	0
baby girl yo mcm be flocking . 	1
confused	0
out & about	0
ugh but you see the aero even my socks	0
its been 3 years . 	0
ai heard about the great ,  legendary anakhunda through the grapevine so she teased "i will show you" ha moves . 	0
lauryn hill x the sweetest thing	0
a lot was done for me to eat ,  i didnt eve have a fork	2
yeahhhhh xochimilco a lot of ghost legends there	5
im glad it went well .  now i think mr .  frosty owes someone a	0
im glad it went well .  now i think mr .  frosty owes someone a	0
i predicted this weeks ago	1
today my dad got drunk and asked me if ive ever had sex	1
happy birthday have a good one . 	0
thanks love	0
aywa i just checked .  i got the email too	4
a lot of shopping to do before august 10th	0
good afternoon	0
cant	1
omg thats the perfect name! i want a westie called quincy . 	0
come thru ,  we got some things to do . 	0
we connect on a soul level  .  got you walking all bow legged ,  dont take it out whoa whoa whoa you know better	0
2 moree dayyyyyyssss come onn	0
wasnt able to make it to the post office	2
wasnt able to make it to the post office	4
over it	0
you can smile with your diploma	0
bless your heart	0
when my bestfriend says he wont tell anyone  .  .  that excludes me	2
when my bestfriend says he wont tell anyone  .  .  that excludes me	5
agree matt .  .  .  so sad .  .  .  can bring the very worst out of some	1
been doing a lot of deep thinking lately .  this isnt good for me or any of you	2
purge comes out in 2 days	2
yassssss girl!	0
id also loved to have heard the direction zack gave to henry in him taking off his wet shirt	0
i miss my sis	1
need to be in toronto end of july	1
stomach growling	1
ight ight	0
haha well arent you clever	0
haha well arent you clever	0
haha well arent you clever	0
who #jaycrew17	2
thanks nat! miss you and hope everythings going good	0
rosario facetiming me when shes drunk is the best	0
imagine thinking cheerleading is a sport	0
u & pao are so cute together we dont really talk but youre sweet when we get to see eachother	0
wait we can rt our own tweets now	3
wait we can rt our own tweets now	5
go to bed	0
im just seeing this but thanks baby & true	0
im just seeing this but thanks baby & true	0
of course! what do you want to hear ? 	0
missin my buddies rn ldr be like	1
where my gf at	1
room booked at the boston marriott copley lower level tickets to the red sox vs rangers	0
youre so adorable	0
summers no fun when you work 6 days a week	2
summers no fun when you work 6 days a week	4
hm ala cemana ni i feel awkward on your birthday	1
sadly never been to the santa monica pier	2
sadly never been to the santa monica pier	4
- same for you	0
thank you nageena means alottttttttttt	0
but they make bums look so good	1
kanye west didnt give not one single fuck for making that famous video	0
i wouldnt be me if i didnt	0
gym day 5!!	0
lunch time!	0
im not in any chat tho ? 	0
i need help frfr	1
these lil mfers are annoying and its five of them and they all boys	1
when dan is dad	0
apparently absence does make the heart grow fonder	3
apparently absence does make the heart grow fonder	5
same aaaa im having frequent headaches idek why take care of yourself ruthie ,  okay ?  ?  omg get as much sleep as you can and	1
#ttunolimit bout to be bananas  .  party doesnt end till 4 in the morning !!! #nomorals #nojudgement  .  be on the lookout for more details	0
fuck me  ? 	3
fuck me  ? 	5
lol crazy thing is that i related to this song so much at the time too . 	1
thanks bro cant wait to swap stories next time i see ya	0
midnight cake mania! baking a cake	0
numbers is just an age or something similar	0
sooooo shay is buying me the rose gold macbook who wants my pro ? 	0
i love you so much babe thankyou	0
i love you so much babe thankyou	1
im halfway through my episode now its alright	0
ha ,  phone just tried changing lewis smith to lewis smooth #whenyaphoneknows	0
omg thank you	0
challenge video recorded and edited couple of thumbnails and im done for the day #keepsmiling	0
challenge video recorded and edited couple of thumbnails and im done for the day #keepsmiling	0
yes i do since yay high type shit i know ya mindset not gonna do it	0
trumpets challenge	0
if the cavs lose tonight ,  the warriors win the chip	3
my roommate has the flu .  like bitch stay away from me	4
thanks and sorry	0
can we buy wander beauty in france  ?  love u	0
then we can say the name kurt has made us always happy	0
did for #jeena not for her parents like " us k maa baap nhi hn"	0
ellies food baby is an actual baby	0
ayyyy croacia #euro2016	0
hope derriona phone blow up raggedy ass hoe ignoring me	0
mostly hard case except for iphone model	0
»» »» »» »» layout on point thank for rt-ing lets be friend ¿¿	0
»» »» »» »» layout on point thank for rt-ing lets be friend ¿¿	0
slowly starting to remember that convo last night lort have mercy	1
you know .  .  .  maybe thats what we were really missing on the right the last 2 election cycles . 	1
tell me something i dont know . 	0
welcome dear	0
my mom just found out i left for biloxi sunday and came home tuesday ,  thanks mom for paying attention	0
go get some manners ,  get angry ,  die if u hate what i said	0
people really mad cause i got 6 days this week lol	0
what season are you watching ?  #dolceamorebattleoftheexes	2
what season are you watching ?  #dolceamorebattleoftheexes	5
is you mad  ? 	0
missing pictures of your animals	0
this cant be true baby leroy was my child	1
this cant be true baby leroy was my child	1
pop danthology 2012	0
i should be a fatty at the rate i go with food	0
if you smile when you see me i love you	1
i cant wait for pride in austin!!!!	0
regretting .  . 	1
this is annoying	2
river today ?  i wanna take a dip in tha wataaaaaa	0
omgosh .  we have to make it lit	0
im always hyperactive ,  what are you talking about	0
greys has me all in my feels	1
i just hoop	0
#westminster the #irish & #scots ,  who voted #remain ,  should face stringent border checks #outofeu	0
oh my god .  i totally saw you i didnt think it was u tho ahh man	1
dude where that youtube vid at tho	1
seriously guys!u are the thx 4 the overwhelming support! i was/am so worried about the show airing and i am than…	0
loaded potato sounds nice	0
tbf hardly anyone came in so thats probably why she was so mad	0
_but_ i went to the gym .  . but slept 3 hours before i went #mpc power!	0
bon fix the app please	0
queen of beauty	0
im chilling hard asf  , 	0
lvy	1
i smell my mother in law making breakfast . 	0
soooo in love w/ this song	1
jake body is gone .  #mtvscream	5
sauna suit tuesdays	1
it was	0
they just wanna see me down bad they say i wont make it so i split in they face . 	1
i be too high tryna face a wood	1
im so hyper and i havent slept since friday lol	0
thanks suga cake	0
right back at you!	0
thanks collin! catch some for me today	0
i hate to make a row to attend to them one by one	0
niggas obsessed with internet hoes	0
im not lucky .  i am blessed!	0
that nose profile though .  .  .  . what a beaut!	0
- my mama nem ona beach waiting for the sunrise	0
nawwhh pet lip out this morning everywhere had it gone the other way it would cheering for democracy #suckitup	1
i have to get my eyes checked	1
more selfies tomorrow girl	0
well lol yall sure you wanna know what im listening to ? 	0
when makeup ,  hair ,  and outfit were on point but didnt get a single pic	2
when makeup ,  hair ,  and outfit were on point but didnt get a single pic	4
i really dont want but i dont have any choice	2
i really dont want but i dont have any choice	4
sing for you bringing back me to ot12s feel miss them already but .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 	1
hey how are you ?  can you follow me and  ?  i love you guys come to poland #roadtriptour x371	0
hey how are you ?  can you follow me and  ?  i love you guys come to poland #roadtriptour x371	0
omg .  .  shahrukh sir ,  you replied to her ,  you better give me a punch on face .  love you a lot shahrukh sir . 	0
omg .  .  shahrukh sir ,  you replied to her ,  you better give me a punch on face .  love you a lot shahrukh sir . 	0
this all feels like a nightmare	1
to tri mal	4
itvs euro 2016 coverage is crap  .  .  .  .  but at least theres no adrian chiles this time	0
all of your tweets and retweets seem to always hit how im feeling spot on the head	0
not one text but you mfs claim yall like me	1
im so grateful for everything that my mum and dad do for me #blessed	0
everybody ignoring me today or my phone just tripping	0
to all you fake screwheads ,  today is not the day dj screw died	1
significance of the study ?  to graduate po . 	0
trying to find someone whos interested in me is like trying to find waldo honestly	0
i should go to bed i have a placement exam tomorrow	1
i should go to bed i have a placement exam tomorrow	4
so i had to pick my mom and sister up on my way home and my mama was drunk man i wish i could show yall my la sister snap	0
only a little	0
in weak at you right now	0
sadly ,  im guessing both . 	1
while you were away ,  the uk seems to want to leave the eu in a slim majority .  boom!! news!!!	0
home alone bored and hungry  .  .  . 	1
more to come	0
why is the world so scary now	1
when you see wandering the streets of kingston	3
when you see wandering the streets of kingston	5
okay	0
yall know durant talking to tha heat right wade will be a free agent hisself this friday if a deal isnt worked out tha nba goin ham	0
i know .  but it wasnt long enough . 	1
fuck everything for you messi	1
im so sorry ! i always take your stuff home by accident i wont lose it i promise	0
i think cube should just promote hyuna and hyunseung together	0
i love susie	4
okay i need it before sunday	0
closing my laptop	0
if anyone is holding nct goods preorder for indonesians pls tell me i want them so bad	1
morning lynda & alfie - rain here too we are off to sort out a door today - have a lovely day xxx	1
morning lynda & alfie - rain here too we are off to sort out a door today - have a lovely day xxx	4
its beautiful outside	0
pizza & movies	0
this school year gon be the best i promise  .  . 	0
thanks for the bimpe	0
i was foaming mate ,  71% possession and like 191828187 dangerous attacks	2
getting bucked	0
i only have a week to go shopping for holiday	0
ur last 2 arguments that didnt even involve you "im just stating a	0
lemme get ready & go see my babies & bryson jace lord knows ive missed them	1
dont worry ,  back in 2 weeks	0
when it wasnt the bitch & it really was yo nigga!!!	4
hell yeah you already know	0
i wish i could catch up on sleep	0
oh im all late	0
i think she has you beat	0
finally making johnny the jaiba hes been wanting	0
give it a proper the least you can do	0
just saw episode of your dr we can be your family	1
i see where ya heart is i aint stressing it tho	0
ackㅡ /rubbing the spot you kick .  it was re~~~cently only ,  okay ?  i guess i am craving for it !! strangely	1
right!! thats real crazy u never text me	2
right!! thats real crazy u never text me	4
thank you so much!!	0
deflated ,  dejected .  each and every player can hold their head high .  small margins .  gonna be a long day in work	1
tweet what your brother tweeted but with his name	0
so who has a pool because you should invite me over all summer	0
dont be cruddy cause your nigga going get snatched	1
my phone really has water damage	2
only decaf doesnt hurt my stomach	1
really wish i would have met my grandpa . 	1
its yellow brick war (dorothy must die #3)	1
its yellow brick war (dorothy must die #3)	5
this tew much	4
letting u go is the best thing i can do for you	1
all sold out wow! you could go to hamburg to see the german version but tickets are expensive in germany	2
all sold out wow! you could go to hamburg to see the german version but tickets are expensive in germany	4
all sold out wow! you could go to hamburg to see the german version but tickets are expensive in germany	5
absolutely fumin last time i do anything for anyone	2
enjoyed my time with you and bent today lol let em know girl	0
enjoyed my time with you and bent today lol let em know girl	0
i need to see perform anything live right now bc im having withdrawals . 	1
"this song is good its getting me in my grooves" -	0
thank you yall are the best ! my day is made	0
but you were the cutest	0
im stalking your twitter because you tweet fire! #imsorryimcreepy lol	0
the conjuring 2	0
where my 10 champ	0
lol i thought you were leaving fool:double_exclamation_mark:️ turning back around ?  and im scared	0
perfect! jets pizza ftw!	0
lies!!! 5 is an army .  .  .  3 is a crew!	0
its almost my baby birthday	0
you glod .  your body a1 now and youve always had a cute face .  but j havent seen you at school till freshman year	0
seth getting dominated #reignsvsrollins	1
houltaholics - a good one love it!	0
when my work schedule was 4-9 but now i have to close fml !!	1
lady legendz round 2	2
hey girl	0
n uk it	0
the shit i do i dont speak on nomore cause aint no need too rub it in but that dont mean for a mf to forget	0
why am i still up ? 	0
yall annoying for that	2
yall annoying for that	4
just eat it all	0
thanks heart sweet	0
wait youre in london now ? 	5
we are always on the same page	0
i dont have your numero	1
both of you barley survived	0
im always let me know you come next	0
im always let me know you come next	0
#germany the best	0
i want some tacos tonight	0
i got rina ass in the back seat of her own mama car	0
why cant i sleep	1
thats what im losing right now here in texas . 	1
a back massage is so needed	1
- ur probably one f the most annoying people ever but i love ya xxxx u can be so funny most of the time	0
- ur probably one f the most annoying people ever but i love ya xxxx u can be so funny most of the time	0
loveyou	0
thanks fuckface	0
ohhh i do not know it .  where is it ?  the photos look great .  have fun	0
being a lazy fuck at the moment	0
no one can deny that #kangminhyuk was brilliant as #hanaeul #kanggun628day #happyminhyukday0628 htt…	0
no one can deny that #kangminhyuk was brilliant as #hanaeul #kanggun628day #happyminhyukday0628 htt…	1
no one can deny that #kangminhyuk was brilliant as #hanaeul #kanggun628day #happyminhyukday0628 htt…	1
i hate a groupie ass nigga coat tail ass little boi	2
i hate a groupie ass nigga coat tail ass little boi	4
best summer job ever	0
you must love the flags though .  .  youll be fine when we get to the semi	0
no no pics for a year	4
my job wrote me up  . 	0
my niece not gone be young forever shes advancing so fast .  .  i dont understand why he would choose not to be apart of it	1
my niece not gone be young forever shes advancing so fast .  .  i dont understand why he would choose not to be apart of it	1
really my dream ?  please follow me! its so important for i love you #facetimemenash x146	0
no girls allowed .  glad you are enjoying tonights #bringingupbates	0
this gave me the chills honestly	1
come with us ,  well not hurt you .  .  .  much .  .  . 	2
if anything was a marker of how shelbys are moving up in the world ,  this is it .  .  so youre the new polly shelby	0
aww i miss you so much kylie lets facetime or call soon	1
aww , i remember when you tweeted that you got engaged! congrats eliza , i wish you the best!!	0
never know	0
rah hows fifa17 looking so intense like that	1
of course we lost to costa rica man what the fuck	2
liyah dont play about her boo	0
whatever floats your goat ,  i guess	0
heyyy ,  you cute  ,  so adorable lol  .  you can dress  .  im ready to run with you as soon as i get back text me…	0
last day	0
right on	0
hey babe	0
the world has become a zoo and the animals in the zoo are poppin off	0
just got an idea	0
nice for my sister though since shes going home today .  nice surprise .  as for me ,  im just lucky im not high . 	0
after all those years of torture .  .  .  jesus pll	0
cuddle with myself	0
im a grown woman well seasoned	0
i promise its gonna fly by	0
brexit ?  ? ! ?  uh-oh!!	3
brexit ?  ? ! ?  uh-oh!!	5
i know! poor dory	1
rise and cheat	0
i cant wait to have kids and dress them all cute and matching for soccer games	0
everybody has had their fair share with an 8:00 a . m class in college	0
she looked right into the camera	3
seconded . 	0
why do people like to ruin other peoples stuff and situations	2
why do people like to ruin other peoples stuff and situations	4
too good of a city - cant believe they dont like it every time i tell someone im from la they flip	0
had a blast see you soon	0
why did just ask me to donate my eggs with her ? 	3
why did just ask me to donate my eggs with her ? 	5
hmu if youre a girl and wanna be friends ,  even if we have problems dm me so we can fix them and be friends	0
one of the worst parts of summer is peoples body odor . 	4
went to sleep at 5am and my brain still decided to wake me now	1
played in a softball game today	0
#growingupwithmyname are you muslim ? 	0
with who ?  girl or boy ?  or both ?  ok nevermind .  take care aje	1
with who ?  girl or boy ?  or both ?  ok nevermind .  take care aje	1
its that time of the day where i regret not sleeping the entire weekend . 	1
its that time of the day where i regret not sleeping the entire weekend . 	4
im over the moon that you didnt run an 83 second pb	0
lol i love you	0
i should be packing but the way my life is step up is  .  .  . 	1
i only want one person but they acting rn	1
hate direct tv	2
hate direct tv	4
congratulations for this victory and this amazing season youre the best	0
or "nay-duh"	0
if you didnt get the other ones you liked yet do it	0
haha ,  thats great its coming in oct 17 to the victoria palace	0
i feeeeel u	0
i havent had a good breakfast in a minute	1
you just havent found the one that deserves you yet	0
im that person that says what everyone else is thinking idgaf	0
i know .  i just cant stop over thinking .  it kills me!	1
cause ion like you	0
ill take it	0
miss my bestie	1
haha god doesnt exist in my world so im alright	0
im wide awoke now	2
im wide awoke now	4
i love spending money on him	0
i just wanna be successful  .  happy  .  and wealthy	0
broke down and made myself coffee after not drinking it for months .  .  . i took 4 sips then declan spilled it	1
you .  .  .  .  not giving a fuck about what i think	1
ate good	0
im starting to forgive and forget so if i had some probs w/ you just forget about them and move on lifes so short make the best of it	0
i love you ~ youve raised beautiful kids ~ youve raised talented kids ~ and you do it with y…	0
oh okay	0
me too boo .  see u later tho	0
no im sorry unnie	1
you could blog about the greatness that forcing users to create an ubisoft account is	0
one of my biggest inspirations in photography passed away this weekend rip bill cunningham	1
i really need to go see lex i miss her so much	1
i need to start shopping for florida	0
stop trolling me	2
missin my friends and my girlfriend	1
text me what that mean sis	1
i see what you did there	0
the	0
but today gonna be a good day  ,  im claiming it	0
i wouldve died laughing	0
yeah i will definitely have to bring some tissues when #ascendant comes out in theaters next year . 	1
anything i want  .  .  i get  .  .  .  .  period!	0
me lets go out and turn up lol	1
cant believe he got a home run .  damn it	1
i hate public restrooms .  .  . 	4
i hate 11 to 8 shifts so much	2
i hate 11 to 8 shifts so much	4
all my friends look so good	1
s music is so authentic&beautiful .  i feel every song . 	1
windspeed wasn’t even that high .  mostly just air temp	3
windspeed wasn’t even that high .  mostly just air temp	5
i wasnt wasted	0
you cant trip over whats not yours	0
hey boo thanks	0
ok i really want a #bieberbear	0
please dont start thats the past	0
i drank too much water	1
all i do is laugh but that wasnt funny	1
the next 2 weeks are going to be amazing	0
okay! and have fun there!!! perhaps if you meet hanbin pls send my regards lol jk	0
my asthma nurse has just made me even more excited to start nursing in september	0
wont be able to watch quens dance prod #enriquegiltrumpetsinasap	1
my mama say  ,  baby you a winner not a quitter	0
if a fuck nigga hating on me gone let me hate	0
jr smith finna roll up a fat ass backwood after this game	0
they couldve got somebody better for the anthem #nbafinals	0
everybody be bood up except me damn .  . 	1
california bout to be one	1
im glad you enjoyed yourself	0
happy birthday by the way .  i didnt realise that you were 15 years older than me	0
i was just at home ,  ,  now im on the road!	3
oh i was there .  .  .  .  i just wasnt paying attention	0
are you gonna watch the fight	0
your my right hand your my go to	0
i watched the whole apple event live ,  and havent talked about it all day .  thats how sick i was	0
nice emoji	0
im so butt hurt though bc i expect a little too much from people who stay giving me less . 	1
hi my heart so today its my birthday and i just want to say thank you for everything you are my world	0
stop twatchin get me dammit and ion think so .  .  .  they dam near married without a ring	0
i should bat you i wanna lmao show my i just hope it aint cold	0
i should bat you i wanna lmao show my i just hope it aint cold	2
i should bat you i wanna lmao show my i just hope it aint cold	4
i should bat you i wanna lmao show my i just hope it aint cold	1
wow .  .  dreamcar .  .  dreamjob .  . 	0
tory lanez need to quit	0
love you to sis	0
i swear i was just looking at that	0
just let me know for sure ill make you piss your pants	0
i say "hello" and "do you have a wellness card" at least 500 times a day	0
when you gone learn steph ? 	0
but i am so pissed .  only at myself	2
but i am so pissed .  only at myself	4
anything you can do i can do better . 	0
no worries! lol .  it cracked me up! i dont get offended that easy damn it . 	0
11:11 always wish	0
boii!!! and you were telling me stuff last night	0
thank you	0
i was about to say lol .  i would have been heart broken for you	1
went outside during the day for the first time this summer and it burns see ya in september	2
went outside during the day for the first time this summer and it burns see ya in september	4
9 more days till my 20th birthday	0
haha thank you	0
wow holding my iphone 5 after having this 6s is weird af	3
wow holding my iphone 5 after having this 6s is weird af	5
its hilarious to me	0
thank you cousin!	0
i love you	0
what if the entire senior mens team all backed out because of zika and dangelo ,  randle and igram all go to rio	0
i want dinah jane and leona lewis to sing bleeding love together it will be iconic af	0
at school the teachers would be like "can i call you edward ? " hell naahhhhh! #growingupwithmyname	2
now hiring for "sugar daddy" big dick .  .  .  we mean like wow .  .  .  apply inside	0
stomach hurt	4
awesome movie but wish i was there to see it .  oh well hope you enjoy it you rabskallian you	0
oh okay just making sure youre not slacking . 	0
i want red interior	0
i also played monday ,  wednesday & thursday . 	2
i also played monday ,  wednesday & thursday . 	5
i cannot imagine arians high notes and whistles at the end of touch it live	0
it actually upsets me that there hasnt been a new game since forever but there probably will never be a new game now	1
every weekend seems to be a rainy one	1
niggas play it so crazy	0
and his mrs needs to wear a polo neck . 	0
not gonna lie im kinda excited for the selena gomez concert	0
you still have the chance later at 8pm 2hrs from now!!	0
noo wayy! you didnt even warn me but thank you boo	1
good job baby thanks for you beautiful concert please take a rest and i love u	0
good job baby thanks for you beautiful concert please take a rest and i love u	0
good job baby thanks for you beautiful concert please take a rest and i love u	0
sorry! november!	0
i just realized that goes to central so naturally ,  we cant be friends .  *unfollows*	0
was at rochester fight factory yesterday while me and everyone is training! great experience! cant wait to see the video!	0
brooklyn park is a mini liberia	0
love you boo	0
right i was really planning on getting them	1
right i was really planning on getting them	1
ok im getting off before tears me to pieces	1
yep!! lots n lots of time!	0
i would love to meet you if you have time! my birthday is the 14th	0
hate when girls swear theyre the best thing their ex had .  .  like girl he still got his whole life ahead of him & its not just about looks	0
finna have so much fun at uk .  super excited	1
oh snap  .  .  i fucks with it	0
thank you mayora!	0
cant wait to see you back in the octagon dirty bird!! we knew the truth the whole time!	0
see yall later jadines! #teamrealishere	0
ffs lustig thatll be you out for the qualifiers!	2
zactly!! new car too	1
hopefully we will! i really want us to make it its been awhile	1
work home .  #allsummer16	2
work home .  #allsummer16	4
i need to get me an nc id so i can go in the liquor stores here im too old to b sending sumbdy else in for me all the time	1
yea ,  youuu	0
these romanian players have got funny names like forreal .  . 	0
i cant even imagine! oh btw im stocking up on some glasses myself on sunday	0
ugh i hate myself	0
loving this rain	0
im not emotionally prepared to take this act today	0
little bro came thru w/ the xbox dbz all day today!	1
"gave i" man i hate myself	0
lightweight pad with my gf mate everyone dropped out our zante holiday before i got with liv but still wanted to go away mate	0
lightweight pad with my gf mate everyone dropped out our zante holiday before i got with liv but still wanted to go away mate	0
i will and then im fuckin off	0
go payet #frasui	0
hope so i keep imagine bom is having a kid thse days	0
if oomf aint the dumbest girl i ever met	0
fuck fathers day i want mine bck	2
fuck fathers day i want mine bck	4
fuck fathers day i want mine bck	1
i cant believe they killed bae	1
especially usher & chris brown	0
jessysexy	0
you are so hot and she is so cute	0
mexico needs to wake up mane smh	1
fixture day . 	0
made 50$ too	0
thanks isa! im absolutely loving it	0
knew there was no way you two would have a quiet night in	0
might as well bring young marcus in	0
if i was dirty i could let them sit here i got enough clothes to last for about another month  .  .  .  .  or two	0
yall take this twitter shit too  .  .  .  bx live yo life  ,  these people on here dont determine shx you do	0
yall take this twitter shit too  .  .  .  bx live yo life  ,  these people on here dont determine shx you do	0
yall take this twitter shit too  .  .  .  bx live yo life  ,  these people on here dont determine shx you do	3
yall take this twitter shit too  .  .  .  bx live yo life  ,  these people on here dont determine shx you do	5
but the food she bring be in foil .  .  .  .  lol .  like this chick is ruthless .  she clean house and blame it on the company throwing shit out	0
lucky you i need some	1
thanks girl	0
oh okay ,  looks like astros may plan on having other ideas	2
oh okay ,  looks like astros may plan on having other ideas	4
hello wanna make friend with you	0
silent library used to be my shit	0
i love ,  love ,  love the travel photos in #teamreal .  my dream is for jadine to visit prague someday . 	0
sure	0
cooling with my mama in da hospital on these perks	0
rain stop so goin dine	2
im single because i want to be i might tweet i want a bf but im just waiting till i feel like damn hes the one !!!	0
5k left till 700k	3
5k left till 700k	5
13 followers on my blog! im into double digits #bookbloggers #happybunny	0
"netflix & chicken"	0
good morning	0
my mom doesnt even talk to me anymore	1
silly motherfuckers  ;  who raised you a nigga with a pussy  ;  how  ; 	0
silly motherfuckers  ;  who raised you a nigga with a pussy  ;  how  ; 	1
im a selfish person .  once i have you ,  you r only mine	0
correllio please give it a rest .  just stop for a minute and listen to yourself ,  hate is an ugly thing .  i choose not to . 	0
this late ?  these lil niggas in the gym musty	4
back in psych 1 class in hs i legjt self diagnosed myself on a low level of the schizophrenic spectrum sounds funny but no games ,  fr	0
the only thing more embarrassing than being jessica biel is being chrissy teigen . 	4
getting that ink tomorrow	2
whatever ,  your ass	0
gotta pull up in this orientation in a couple hours	2
loving oomf voices	0
all i do is take selfies and complain i swear	0
drake never shows up to the damn bet awards	1
drake never shows up to the damn bet awards	5
same!!	0
freshly shaved legs is the best feeling	1
ohhhhhh hey i see you there waitress	0
they definitely do in my opinion wales have already scored in their game we need to win to give us the best chance	1
i literally wanted to cry b/c i spent half my pay check at sephora today  . 	1
i really hate drama ,  but you bitches want to throw shade ill throw a whole tree back ya . 	0
just both nice man	0
hi sunshinee i love you soo much , can you please follow me ?  italy loves you! x38	0
never ashy	0
but your not biased at all	0
first day .  nah neutral . 	2
first day .  nah neutral . 	4
i think holby fans are dreading it tbh anyway poor ol diggers	0
i think holby fans are dreading it tbh anyway poor ol diggers	1
yess ,  thats why i love twitter a lot	0
theres a delete button for a reason hunnies	0
the cutest	0
they got ours wrong	0
in the near future not second semester	0
 ,  you so childish	2
 ,  you so childish	4
omg i have to go to the nail shop ,  2 more nails came off	1
i need my wage doubled!	1
i hate listening to my momma conversations	2
i hate listening to my momma conversations	4
love you	0
who did you ask	0
i thought i was the only person that love having deep conversations about life	1
just gorgeous!	0
my car just took a shit . 	1
youre more than welcome handsome .  stay beautiful	0
me and are proof that even if yall dont got classes together yall can still fw eachother heavy	1
night	0
armoni done snapped on me	1
wentworth start off slow ? ! a body dropped 1st episode	1
payet	1
is that so ? 	0
4th of july cookout ,  my house ,  come get littt	0
#veranomtv2016 5 seconds of summer	0
i go through money so damn fast	2
i go through money so damn fast	4
idek when she work & i be at work all the time but lmao that really is sick ,  i feel bad for kat	1
if you drop the blunt just hurry up and facetime your girl	1
if you drop the blunt just hurry up and facetime your girl	4
i be acting like lifes hard but i really do have it easy	0
uggghhg	2
uggghhg	4
we love you too! so much fun!!	0
hahahahah i will put up a pic very soon .  .  *wahi gheesa peeta line*	0
hahahahah i will put up a pic very soon .  .  *wahi gheesa peeta line*	0
woah things are lookin up	0
well yes .  obviously . 	2
well yes .  obviously . 	4
#discovermauritius how about solo trip .  feeling excited . 	0
not surprised .  the wounds this season are deep .  #mntwins will we ever be better ? 	4
not surprised .  the wounds this season are deep .  #mntwins will we ever be better ? 	1
i think im not going out tonight grandma life 4 life .  im tired ive been awake since 6 am	0
i think im not going out tonight grandma life 4 life .  im tired ive been awake since 6 am	1
my auntie so messy lmaoooo thats why i dont fuck w/ this family	1
"why do you have to leave carley ? " commence sobbing o	1
i bet he can still buy my house ,  your house ,  and all of my followers house still he aint worried about that	0
thats horrible !	0
thaanks mads!	0
thank you! i think im getting better but i will practice ranked much longer this summer	0
should make friends before i come on campus so #msu20 ,  #msubears20 hit me up	0
i really want pancakes or crepes rn	0
no sir cant play w no rookie	1
anxiety is super bad right now	1
why do i even try  .  . 	1
this cold is getting to me & my nose keep running	2
this cold is getting to me & my nose keep running	4
this cold is getting to me & my nose keep running	1
cavs cant hit shit right now .  n curry back	1
t . lanez | unforgetful	1
damn coulda got me some	1
when are you sending it to me ? 	0
headed home for another fish funeral	1
thank you!	0
totes okay in every way	0
you know its not purposely	1
#onewordforafridi handsome	0
always	0
riigghh !! he just got at me for tweeting that i did it just to see what he was gonna say though	0
riigghh !! he just got at me for tweeting that i did it just to see what he was gonna say though	0
my dad would love this	0
one thing i hate is a sneaky person	2
one thing i hate is a sneaky person	4
when bae shows up to your job with ritas and chocolate	1
craving cookie dough ice cream	0
funny running into at the cards game! actually cant wait to get back to springfield with everyone	0
i need me some of that put me to sleep	0
it is agreed .  i look forward to my walk at 6 tomorrow	0
birthday to the celebrate rys 3 members of any cheap cars being totally awesome of rob & loz time	0
yeaaaaa kyrie	2
#asot770 omg im so excited roll on feb 18th 2017! god keep us alive i wanna see armin asap #asot800 see you	0
#asot770 omg im so excited roll on feb 18th 2017! god keep us alive i wanna see armin asap #asot800 see you	0
ill take it for you	0
watching on xbox now so hyped	0
uzi and lucci show tonight	0
people werent lyin when they told me east coaster are rude .  god damn	0
youre welcome .  lol .  seems that many agree!	0
lol hoh .  a politician made a comment .  that one too is gossip ? 	0
yes from soundcloud	0
yes!!! and laughing at everything	0
"call me what you want but you cant call me broke"	0
i hope you enjoyed your last day at #pll cant wait to see your episode .  .  . 	0
i aint shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttttttttttt	0
you better call becky with good hair	0
i just cant wait to get back in shape its been waaay too long	0
start to my 12 hour shift already ticked me off 3 hours of sleep and come here to this crap	2
how much do you love us fans ? 	0
you got both hard and hurt when missing someone . 	1
i think ima hoe	1
hendo could of punted it up but decides to pass it back	0
cant believe my luh baby is almost 21	1
if you wasnt so sly then i might actually feel sorry for you ,  it cant be good being a mug	0
i shouldve went and visited this weekend instead	1
lmfaoooooo sound like a lil bitch	0
out feeding my shopping addiction . 	0
need to get back to exercising and the healthy diet #feelshit	4
im not watching game 5 i guess yall tell me what happen .  .  . 	0
ohhhhhhh this new episode of	3
ohhhhhhh this new episode of	5
it really pays off to have graduated	0
when bing bong saves joy by jumping out of the wagon rocket then disappears omg	1
we stay lit! you should just upload the 3 vids you record tbh!	4
i thought it was just me lol  ,  good to know	0
my next check is gonna look real nice	0
idk how i can it was so sudden  , 	4
loving new song one more time #sort #oioi	0
raw sex and loyalty is all i want	1
is this update really that bad ? 	0
so this is where were at ?  #lance	1
always boo always i just wish it was here for me	1
i wish	1
my high school volleyball coach gets married today!	0
kinda ? ! girl you know you wanna be here	0
when your phone breaks and you have to use your ancient iphone 4	2
makes sense & he should stop being an adult and so that lol	0
just these two . 	0
im gettin used to getting out of work ,  and going swimming with chaz ,  dj ,  and d will .  its relaxing	0
ay el hardline que risas	0
niggas stay fighting in the clubs .  smh	1
cant wait for a shin hikari to flop today and found confirming herself as my favourite flat horse in training	0
my bestfriend buy me anything i want	0
nsw win 2-0 today ,  go down 2-0 on wednesday	0
ready to see gstun after a year and a half not seeing her	0
lmao thats right	0
i will definitely keep you in mind	0
ahh thats cute what can i say aha i do try loves you chicka	0
ahh thats cute what can i say aha i do try loves you chicka	0
lol .  .  im starting not to cause people just ignorant these days	0
i can tell you make him happy too there you go lias #staythatwayguys	0
grab his ass while theyre looking	0
if a nigga dont have a head board or a foot board he dirty	0
hit it from the back watch a niggah bless you	2
only fw bomb girls	0
the people beat the establishment	0
big big boss man is here .  he looked at my case and was like "yeah i created that"	3
big big boss man is here .  he looked at my case and was like "yeah i created that"	5
tonights the night!! biggest and messiest bar crawl in #ayianapa if you havent got your tickets yet tweet us on how to get them	0
at least you get to go	1
me time	0
sitting in the er mad	4
pro avoid flag to nose contact .  ouch . 	5
thank you very much	0
i seriously caught some damn zs he took so damn long .  smh	1
maine is obviously a clingy gf .  #aldubforthelove	0
i swear	0
i want to see sierra so bad right now but i cant	1
bus home is packed!! this is the time i go home at every day anyway ,  others skipping out the door #coybig	0
come to realisation i shouldnt be allowed money	0
ima horndog	0
she doesnt talk with me how i should now that she wants to speak with me ? 	3
she doesnt talk with me how i should now that she wants to speak with me ? 	5
isis posted about an attacked happening in fl a few days ago so thats why its labeled as such	1
tough lost  .  we will be better fans #belivedat take my word	2
the shallows was so good	1
he gets better looking with age .  .  . everyone i know thinks hes like 28	0
irritated asl im not able to come out	4
sssssh pryty grls dnt cry	0
free my bestfriend  . 	0
youre all good	0
ion even get mad i dead ass just start laughing	1
we get it you rave	0
im so happy that i made thanks to god	0
happy birthdayyyyyy mrs . healy have a great one	0
happy birthdayyyyyy mrs . healy have a great one	0
super pretty girl & was a great cheerleader & captain	0
typical murican	0
hey you missed tampa! still looking for my bumper stickers! you owe me!	0
awee you lucky and congrats i sit here sad	0
yelp just saved my life	0
fortunately ,  all of my floridian/orlando friends are safe .  praying for the ones who werent .  what a world we live in	1
constantly getting tired and sleepy when i hv mountains of work to do .  satane usebenza ngam! no weapon formed against me shall prosper!	2
ritas be having me lit	0
gonna put the world away for a minute ,  pretend i dont live in it .  sunshine gonna wash my blues away . 	0
i would tackle a small child for a pepsi right about now -- send help to section 190 ,  row 1	0
when you want to go out but you cant cos its raining	1
when you wanna diet but your mums food is to good	1
when i almost got hit by a car lol	0
i hope im eligible to play this year	1
hahaha i didnt say it .  .  .  you did	0
bruh that shit was so scary dude i had to leave for a minute	0
held your hand the whole time	1
im so sad i couldnt go to fortunes dinner	1
im just groovin  .   . 	0
glez is a good mutual	0
it was hsbc that set me off with their sponsored tweet	0
georgina is me when i have something against a girl #bbuk	0
maybe it was first day on the job . 	4
i miss you sis	1
thank you for your follow	0
everybody thinks of the last one	0
people dont believe me when i say i scare children .  .  . but i really mean it	0
joe hart i change my mind you arsehole	2
i have never sang 6 songs back to back like that .  throat tiyaaaaad	1
ill mail ya one . 	0
that shot! my heart still breaks	1
that shot! my heart still breaks	1
awww you do love me .  i love you thank you	0
awww you do love me .  i love you thank you	1
finding out later on trust me i know i just went through it	1
daft old twit - far too old to vote	0
or u just entered the wrong password .  .  .  . 	0
youre great .  im sorry people are so shitty .  hope you have a great day	0
i just texted u back mf	2
i just texted u back mf	4
wow i start my summer class tuesday why did i sign up for this	2
wow i start my summer class tuesday why did i sign up for this	4
wow i start my summer class tuesday why did i sign up for this	1
good vibes	0
were supposed to leave for the beach in an hour but no one is awake yet lmfao	1
fuck im hella tired	1
i miss & love you too im about too dm you my number	0
i miss & love you too im about too dm you my number	1
i want to go to the beach and smoke	1
ibra by end of the week	0
now ill have another dealer	0
shouldve stopped and got ice cream from somewhere .  now i dont feel like going back out but i really want some	1
theres nothing better in life than having no problems	0
ure everything to me ibuu  ,  iloveyouu a lot  ,  please forgive all of my mistake to youu	1
i knew id be on top of sooner or later	0
not	2
i wish i had ppl mature to talk to cause i be really going thru it	1
i shouldve ate the wings instead of eating a sandwich what was i thinking vele ordering a sandwich  ?  ? 	1
i shouldve ate the wings instead of eating a sandwich what was i thinking vele ordering a sandwich  ?  ? 	1
single as hell	1
haha thanks! its my first time on a plane	0
the girl should investigate .  shes out of her mind .  with evil mind actually .  maichard nation will trace you! #alduballmylife	4
#msgforhumanity best mrng papa thanks 4 giv me a , nw day . :sunrise_over_mountains: . plz giv me bless 4 simra…	0
aaah #pcarmy  .  hope i get to interact with all of these army guys too . 	0
when you get that message from twitter saying "you now have over 2 , 000 followers"	0
when your phone autocorrects savage to savagé miss you ladies	1
giggs leaving	1
yeayyy una the first one yang first and last birthday yoda hehehe lebiu muah muah	0
leg day + running & playing volleyball in the sand wasnt such a good idea it was fun  , but my legs are dead	0
thank you changgu!	0
greys anatomy	0
im saying so who we fighting ? 	0
2 assignments and whatever rework to do until its all complete	0
hbd to the only person i can be 100% weird around and not actually feel weird have a great day! #getweird	0
hbd to the only person i can be 100% weird around and not actually feel weird have a great day! #getweird	0
i want to puke eveything that i ate	1
muslims are very peaceful and dont believe in violence it sick how if ur muslim your are automatically seen as a terrorist #muslimpeace	1
i thought happy makes us fat . 	0
my friend ig ,  be being mean to me	0
my friend ig ,  be being mean to me	0
my friend ig ,  be being mean to me	1
my friend ig ,  be being mean to me	2
my friend ig ,  be being mean to me	1
i been back in atl for a year ,  dont tell me i can keep my money cause i will . 	0
i been chillin lately	0
happy fathers day! i hope youre having a wonderful and relaxing day ,  and many congrats to grace on her wedding! xoxo	0
wow! happy birthday emma!!	0
girllllll	0
i want william carvalho at united	0
wish i could get my dad whatever he would like with no hesitation	1
abby fell in the water at the very end when we were getting out of the kayaks and all i did was laugh	0
sorry got another payyyyper after raya	0
omg i love uuu so are you!	1
all around amazing ,  what u see on screen & behind the scenes ,  just great work by great ppl	0
haha you got me there	1
i work everyday of the week & my man work too w/ her bald eyebrows so ion have no fun time	1
ya dont want that milk curdled hon!	1
cant believe this boy called crochets "corn husks"	0
seatbelts are forever creasing my shirts	2
seatbelts are forever creasing my shirts	4
think ill go to the movies tonight	0
its 2016 and its still people out here arguing that kobes first three rings are "shaqs rings"	2
its 2016 and its still people out here arguing that kobes first three rings are "shaqs rings"	4
you see russian fans genuinely nearly beating fans to death then remember we have a world cup there in 2 years fair play fifa	0
is this nigga gonna win the ship in the shoes we all made fun of ? 	1
they finna make steph cry	0
reality check	0
if anyone loves me theyll come keep me occupied at work so i dont have to work 11-4	0
and a little over 10 pounds of that weight is just your baby and placenta plus some extra water weight! youll be fine!	0
are you lit like bic  ?  i am	0
watching the finding dory trailer just gave me flashbacks of my child hood	1
lets chat! howve you guys been today ?  anything exciting going on ? 	0
i got some new heels and i cant wait to wear them . 	1
yas starting at a summer camp! i get to be their teacher until august lol	0
never going to the west springfield movie theater ever again shit was wild	0
hahahahhahaa the past will never be forgotten	0
i was sad for a moment when you said ios then i found it on android .  huzzah!	0
if i tell my friends anything about you ,  we go together .  you are my man . 	0
it really is	4
dang .  wanted warriors to end their record breaking season with a bang . 	1
just the job for summer festivals	0
went in the mirror maze last night and brandon and i got separated and he didnt know how to get to me and he ran into a mirror	0
had a dream last night that i met	0
lol oh shit its a real day  ? 	1
can you send one to mexico ? 	1
i miss madelyn omg  . 	1
i would let her sleep ,  if shes hungry shell wake	0
youre so intelligent and talented .  that poem is so beautiful .  i hope youll be the one to sing it .  #aldubebtrumpets	0
i miss yo ass too	0
youre not looking very blonde here . 	0
yeah ,  gar picked his nose and paxton watched	1
one tree hill is my absolute favorite	0
& it is	0
where you going & what day you coming back home  ?  tomorrow ga gosh	0
some just arent in the position to reciprocate your energy . 	0
i learned from the best .  also victorias secret helped . 	0
theres also next year	0
that article is so complicated nobody is even going to comprehend what the problem is supposed to be	0
guys pls dont spoil got pls lang	1
guys pls dont spoil got pls lang	1
nauseous	1
your funny	0
my dad had a mullet in the 90s	4
how to see your first tweet  ?  like thomas did hahaha	0
i wish i could stay longer	1
im home!	0
no didnt hv factor 50 didnt need it .  bt i did hv a insect go somewhere it shouldnt instant panic lolz	0
no didnt hv factor 50 didnt need it .  bt i did hv a insect go somewhere it shouldnt instant panic lolz	0
im so so sorry	1
yo i didnt even know either for a second .  i was about to say 9:30	0
burned myself baking cake for the bf	0
yey bumalik old emojis	0
no i need more laughs	0
of course! you made it #proxsea4lyfe	0
wonder how many times i can embarrass myself this week ?  dont say i dont have goals .  .  . 	0
lol yes thats it ,  im porting .  we need to sign a contract first though	0
lol yes thats it ,  im porting .  we need to sign a contract first though	1
hello lovely yep plodding along ur flowers are lovely u deserve	0
hello lovely yep plodding along ur flowers are lovely u deserve	0
i you slaying it! #euro2016 #uefaeuro2016	0
damn i need to get my road rage under control . 	0
people are soooooooo aggravating	1
its always the ones you least expect	0
beyonce is here	0
that shit never gets old	1
thanks	0
got damn whats his	0
up thuggin	0
both r good singers but i have predilection 4 jo	0
love being shown off .  so ,  ima show myself off . 	0
that ride had my legs shaking more than any guy ever has	1
it would make my day!! #8hourshift	0
damn i always end up wearing them 1 week prior to my appointment not the whole month	0
damn i always end up wearing them 1 week prior to my appointment not the whole month	0
pls dm i need to talk w someone	1
and my mom wonders why im never home	4
my argentinian host mom emailed me	0
the way everyone is roasting khanyi mbau though .  isnt this kennys roast na ? ! #roastza #roastofkennykunene	0
can somebody find me some friends  ? 	2
can somebody find me some friends  ? 	4
miss you come back to bieber	1
im really gonna miss you you make me laugh and i see you making that money zaxbys	0
im really gonna miss you you make me laugh and i see you making that money zaxbys	1
 .  .  . girl youre a beaut i have one dimple ,  never understood can we do tea soon & catch up ?  discuss our shoot! xx	0
thanks	0
i could really use a pete wentz hug rn	1
i could really use a pete wentz hug rn	4
i did yolo	0
dying for lobster mac n cheese & seasoned and fried dill pickles	1
i spent mad bread on my yeezys but neverrrrrrrrr wear them	2
i spent mad bread on my yeezys but neverrrrrrrrr wear them	4
this rotel so mf good .  s/o to us for the group effort	0
but at least i came back the same night!	2
but at least i came back the same night!	4
thanks bro and im done getting lost	0
this song always have him on my brain so hard	0
add my snap offset_315	0
its these nights that just kill me	1
you forgot to say "only"	2
good morning heneral	0
love you more	0
not you pullin up to every date and the group message to keep tabs	0
i swear nothing ever goes right for me ever	1
i still have another hour before i need to be up and getting dressed	1
need to go to sephora once again	1
being worried about someone aint fun	1
yuhh nigga i forgot about #snakeboys we fake af till we die	0
i hate seeing my friends down	1
this makes me feel so much better about my driving	0
i been neglecting twitter but im back	0
still mad gs lost though . 	2
not the first to have that happen babe doesnt mean youre special	0
from a lil black boy to a full on tranny thanks man!	0
want a love like my parents my momma runs that niggas life  . 	1
to all fans and fan groups ,  kalma ,  please .  you know from whom to get official statements/info .  ask and wait .  ok ?  behave na . 	0
to all fans and fan groups ,  kalma ,  please .  you know from whom to get official statements/info .  ask and wait .  ok ?  behave na . 	0
i just wanna go back to sleep	1
yes please ,  do you work anytime soon ? 	1
lmao! anything after setting it off is	4
y tho ? 	0
what party ? 	3
what party ? 	5
more at the next race looking for success in sachsenring! good luck to you ¡vamos! #mm93	0
might let you have em all if you wash dishes too	0
i was kidding bitch	0
time to sleep .  im so tired	0
come to kitchener on july 8th to see at and too	0
i dont understand what peoples problem is . 	0
ok back 2 cle for game 6	0
i just ate 12 ice cream bars  ,  they so good	1
p . s i did say wales would win the group ,  and they were 6/1 to get to the quarters	0
nah im sober now	0
woke up to bein back on how about we celebrate with a 10% off	0
#cheers friday fever	0
i have thought of that but seems like too much work haha plus twitter is very distracting as well	0
i have thought of that but seems like too much work haha plus twitter is very distracting as well	1
life goes on	0
i really wish i ended up going out last night	1
that 25 bucks car wash ,  really ?  ba thatswa ko nte hela ?  my car is a mess	1
miss famous on instagram with the five head	0
someone run strikes with me	1
i got so much shit to say but somethings better left unsaid	1
i got so much shit to say but somethings better left unsaid	4
tattoo appointment tomorrow	0
ill bet a dub that if you send me ya number itll be a convo that you aint reply to	0
at this pace ,  itll be your cubbies and my rangers in the world series .  you know ,  unless they both choke(like they usually do:anxious_face_with_sweat:)	1
at this pace ,  itll be your cubbies and my rangers in the world series .  you know ,  unless they both choke(like they usually do:anxious_face_with_sweat:)	5
my nail tech wants gsw to win tonight you just earned yourself a loyal customer	0
cant deny that	0
hair appointment july 2nd  . 	2
hair appointment july 2nd  . 	4
two very handsome men!	0
i wanna have a picnic date!	0
dont why didnt we go	1
trying to teach my 2 year old brother how to pee in the toilet  ,  the struggle is real .  and awkward	0
i normally read before bed and ive been so tired lately i just pass out after like 1 page	1
i be so chill	0
well it could be worse .  thankfully donald trump lives on your side of the pond	0
never seen anything more hilarious than shola listening to screamo in the back of my car trying to scream herself fuck	0
basta get well soon	1
basta get well soon	0
thats my expertise	0
argentinians were chewing messi until he said he not playing anymore now they want him back	0
road rage today tho	4
this giant baby maknae still wide awake	0
nigga tony made my morning . 	0
and then did 8 hours of school with 1 point of exhaustion	0
right! where did he take katie ?  nowhere .  thats where i would be jealous too!	2
yes nothing is impossible	0
are you back ?  or are you here  ? 	0
yaaaasss we r twins now	0
i need ah money counter racks bussin out the balmains	4
i really hope i get this job at this cute little coffee shop by my house	1
ok mom	0
this is how i know they be watching my shit .  none of them follow me but definitely know what i be tweeting	0
awww we were literally the best	1
just need some chocolate cake in a bag	0
why do i feel like this group message we started last night is gonna be trouble at some point ? 	0
welcome back	0
lmao drippin	1
i can go crazy over lipsticks	1
i can go crazy over lipsticks	4
im usually asleep by now so if i stay up with you better feel lucky	0
hi help how do i get my parents to get me tatinofaus tickets  ?  ? i need help convincing them to let me	0
they are already the devil .  . 	1
i miss you	1
street workers ,  blokes tearing down a shop down below ,  workers drilling off concrete ,  people working on the roof and the mortar joint .  joy	1
i fw him heavy	0
i miss my old lady she always makes me regret leaving her in cali when we facetime	1
you said you have basketball	1
my turn plakk hilang2  .  .  . 	0
jaylen rose lost some of his integrity on that last foreigner pick " raptors pick pal %%^^%%" "can somebody tell me .  . :thinking_face:"	0
of course not people that tell me they hate my face and to get the fuck out of their living room . 	0
hahahaha!! true .  im still chugging it now	0
esse weslley	0
im a light sleeper so i hear everything & when i hear stuff in my sleep it irritate me	0
im a light sleeper so i hear everything & when i hear stuff in my sleep it irritate me	1
cant wait to get this new phone	1
i am trying	1
hey how you doing just giving you a shout out to say hi and i hope you have a great day - danielle	0
- omgee  ,  your so freaking gorgeous ! you seem cool  ,  and laid back i think we should definitely hang one time	2
- omgee  ,  your so freaking gorgeous ! you seem cool  ,  and laid back i think we should definitely hang one time	0
- omgee  ,  your so freaking gorgeous ! you seem cool  ,  and laid back i think we should definitely hang one time	0
#yungteachermong lakas makatingin from head to toe . 	0
lost id!	0
my brova always on it . 	0
ugh dw	0
really ?  ?  hahah nice thats cool i didnt know ,  ive only joined the fandom for around a month or lesser only hehe	0
really ?  ?  hahah nice thats cool i didnt know ,  ive only joined the fandom for around a month or lesser only hehe	0
i see what u mean this is interesting ,  hope u dont get dragged for your opinions	0
i see what u mean this is interesting ,  hope u dont get dragged for your opinions	1
the thing is i dont buy ladies presents you no its not my thing my thing is to edit extremely gorgeous ladies pictures	0
its already 66 degrees #happygrandmas	0
there not enought #art in the world to help me cope .  but shout out to  .  your music helps out so much .  to try and keep goin	1
you seem bothered	5
good luck today guys! im so gutted i cant make it but hopefully next time i can love ya both	0
good luck today guys! im so gutted i cant make it but hopefully next time i can love ya both	0
good luck today guys! im so gutted i cant make it but hopefully next time i can love ya both	1
he still wont be as good as fenian joey	0
he still wont be as good as fenian joey	0
hope you are having a good time i cant wait for you new video i love you so much!	0
hope you are having a good time i cant wait for you new video i love you so much!	0
of course who could forget that	0
it doesnt feel like 4am at all	1
theyre definitely no wayne rooney	0
yesterday felt so long lol but it was such a great day	0
she did . 	0
imma creep ass mom lol	0
#swanhive3 ima be clean asf plus these new piercings gone be showing fsss	0
#swanhive3 ima be clean asf plus these new piercings gone be showing fsss	0
its more than beanie weather see you soon!	3
its more than beanie weather see you soon!	5
wish i would of known ! we already have 10 girls if someone ends up not being able to go i will let you know tho!!	5
hi my heart so today its my birthday and i just want to say thank you for everything you are my world	0
hey birdbrain take a l:eyes:k at the facts ! open ur eyes and how much i love u !! ur my and i sarang u! note it	0
day out with a friend i havent seen for a while	0
my nigga a never have to worry about a bitch bitching me my little ass always down for	0
my nigga a never have to worry about a bitch bitching me my little ass always down for	0
i hate trying to match a foundation color	4
dont fwm no more now thats over	1
thanks joms!!	0
it just didnt go right	1
need some variety out here	0
big ass headache	4
somebody wanna be my new friend ?  im nice	0
say it 2 my face	4
hurry up	3
hurry up	5
your header	0
charlotte doesnt deserve bad things	1
yees thank you	0
really wanna do something .  really wanna sleep	1
i kinda feel bad for ppl when they think im phased by something they say or do out of spite but i genuinely dont give af	1
either you fuck with me or you dont no suckaa luvv boo i promise you	0
its a little too late	0
if i you ,  you better me back:right_arrow_curving_left:️ .  if i your  ,  you better back:left_arrow:️ . 	0
if i you ,  you better me back:right_arrow_curving_left:️ .  if i your  ,  you better back:left_arrow:️ . 	0
shoot me down dead for that ,  its pricks like you that thrive spell check	0
also just never go to zoup in general .  they will not take the cheese off your salad even if you order it without	2
i love watching scary movies all by myself	0
getting a pedicure feels so good	1
some shit you would do	0
happy birthday to you and god bless you with many more birthdays	0
happy birthday to you and god bless you with many more birthdays	0
when i hear hoof beats i dont go looking for zebras	0
i can watch my school play basketball .  but watching it on tv ?  that shit boring	0
i miss u and ur crazy mouth i had u for one whole sy and i thought i wasnt gna like u but i love u hoe	0
i miss u and ur crazy mouth i had u for one whole sy and i thought i wasnt gna like u but i love u hoe	0
my parents broke up when i was born my pops wasnt shit boy	0
my parents broke up when i was born my pops wasnt shit boy	1
i think were thinking of the same person	1
to my hotel in dtla tomorrow	0
expecting a massage too	1
he had like a seizure poor oinker man omg	1
suena x #votodoble #rankingvale #simplementetu #elritual	0
i feel so bad i watched now you see me 2 without my dad hes so upset	1
ashlee just called me while at work to tell me that she locked the cash register keys inside the cash register .  .  .  like h…	0
i aint feeling this today	1
s/o to the ppl who have walked out of my life .  my life is so much better without yall . 	0
thanks	0
yass i got all i want	0
i wish my grandpa was still here	1
cat ,  let me sing "hotline bling" for you ?  my number is in dm cat te amo #facetimemenash 5	0
cat ,  let me sing "hotline bling" for you ?  my number is in dm cat te amo #facetimemenash 5	0
nadiy dah start busy	1
apparently you missed ted cruzs statement today ,  then	2
apparently you missed ted cruzs statement today ,  then	4
why is my tl so lit and im barely following ppl . 	0
someone wanna talk  ? 	1
#spiritualitysimplifiedwithmsg gud nyt papa m srry 4 all mistaks which i cmmited knwly & unknwl…	0
#spiritualitysimplifiedwithmsg gud nyt papa m srry 4 all mistaks which i cmmited knwly & unknwl…	0
aviiiiii fuuckkkk it uppppp gi fuck it upppp	0
u can borrow him for a day lol	0
 . @zaynmalik its been awhile id draw you but you are so damn perfect so you are tattoed in my heart follow me pls #mindofmine 35651	0
love you babe	0
sttaaaahhppppp i cant pull any one i want tho if i could  .  .  . shiiiiiiiit	0
thats good im great ,  and its going really good .  .  actually on my way to a game rn	0
thats good im great ,  and its going really good .  .  actually on my way to a game rn	0
very happy w/ apple music — have to get used to the type but new "for you" w/ recently played & heavy rotation is killer	3
conjuring 2 needs to be the moves asap	1
oooh im fluffy now	0
good night then rolando  .  .  . 	0
i am now down to 2 children in the household (cats)	1
hey your pretty & coo and funny and crazy but jus gotta love it .  hang more	0
ooooh and i get paid in an hour	0
eww haha .  wow thats embarrassing	0
oh wow they are laying the bodies of those boys right now	1
im actually 4 years old if you couldnt tell	1
after 3 months it gets dumb expensive i pay 13 rn	1
i gotta go back to work today	1
thats cute or whateverrrrrr	2
thats cute or whateverrrrrr	5
ive been avoiding going home all day because i know whats going to happen	1
chillen with bae .  .  . @_paigeai	0
i guess we twins too but i love you even tho you can be so anti when im over lol you da tho lil baby	0
i guess we twins too but i love you even tho you can be so anti when im over lol you da tho lil baby	0
#mess with my #mans like #that #dubnation	2
i cant charge until im licensed ,  so donations for now	0
i dont either:face_screaming_in_fear:shakes me up	5
i dont either:face_screaming_in_fear:shakes me up	3
nahhhhhh ,  i drink in moderation .  i never drink on sundays	0
i hope you enjoy your last couple of days off	0
i have another one for summer fun if yall want to do it	0
serves him right with that barney ass hair	0
i pray whoever reading this status is looking over you & your family & your troubles if you receive this prayer type amen	1
in the city ,  so hopefully	0
thank you beautiful	0
really disappointed to buy 6 sweet chilli chicken wraps and have no chilli sauce in 2 of them ,  soggy salad in 3 .  .  . waste of ££	1
you really should	0
bury lads are sound i stayed in one of theirs last time .   .  .  where did you stay  ? 	0
also boots in poole has a nyx counter now and i have to walk in the opposite direction when i see it because money	1
i thought the same thing lol you will get one maybe even from a free chest	0
just take the loss and log out	1
anything big coming soon ? 	0
ima miss yo ass man you stayed having me laughing 3rd p .  you cool asf & can dress . 	0
ima miss yo ass man you stayed having me laughing 3rd p .  you cool asf & can dress . 	1
i want my mommy	1
at the end theyll pull off the terrorists mask & announce it was the work of the nra . 	5
without your blessings thatll sure teach me my lesson!	1
lord  ,  if i can just get me a  .  ill be content for the rest of my days .  i promise	1
lord  ,  if i can just get me a  .  ill be content for the rest of my days .  i promise	1
heeey you reaaaally need to sleep na try blinking fast for a whole minute . 	0
heeey you reaaaally need to sleep na try blinking fast for a whole minute . 	4
nah its okay! i hope youre taking care of yourself though ehehe .  life is sometimes nice and sometimes not to me but im fine!	1
nah its okay! i hope youre taking care of yourself though ehehe .  life is sometimes nice and sometimes not to me but im fine!	5
mileys interview:neutral_face::pistol: ?  ?  mlady you keeping fast ? 	0
mileys interview:neutral_face::pistol: ?  ?  mlady you keeping fast ? 	3
i been moving real silent lately im up to something	0
i dont feel good all . 	1
she is beautiful what a little princess	0
okay ,  now hes telling me stuff i never knew i feel so out of the loop	1
mfs dying everyday i just pray & hope i make it thru life	1
fuck cbc .  .  .  . sony six is d channel	0
lmfao better interact with yo costumer & make friends you stuck chuck dam  . 	0
i am fasting and after knowing what yixing had prepared for exo-ls makes me think of begging mom to buy me all of those ds s ur fault lay	0
really cant eat anythng	0
lol nigga u grew up wi both of them	0
"teaspoon"	1
you are not losing if the enemy isnt aware of the battle .  .  so your winning	0
six flags looking ugly right now	0
why does this have to happen	1
needa figure out how i wanna do my trips	1
long phone conversations with i miss you so much	1
lagi for the love	0
fantasia sounds like a cartoon	0
mocha almond fudge is absolutely the best ice cream	0
extended thoughts - are glad we discovered you  .  .  .  ty for bringing in beautiful moments in the day . 	0
"im physically gonna beat you next"	0
yes!! i love hot dogs	0
to be in self promo gc must be -active -dont block out -not an asshole	0
#art #stunning i simply just adore art in every shape makes my smile and my soul happy  .   .   .   .  ht…	0
cute	0
im just so down today	1
u and these lightskin	0
i agree	0
ronaldo fans mocking messi like the cunt ever won any trophy for his country messi sha kuku win olympic gold for argies	0
when you meet a girl from oxford or cambridge you just naturally thing shes posh us lads are stupid #loveisland	0
i want cheesecake	1
its about that time to drop a tab ,  im tryna trip soon	0
pull up to #birthdaybash595 afterwards ! only free party and closest to arena #explicitent	2
you were raised by women who are fully autonomous beings and do not exist only as appendages to men but youre bashing feminism on twitter	0
different people bring out different sides of you	0
awww sky	1
i ordered like hella body suits and they all are like way to big for me . 	0
jjk as always	0
nooo if you ever do something like this  .  .  .  that would be the memory i share at your wedding	0
thanks for the follow sweetie . 	0
some of my lockscreens got deleted (on my phone)	1
knew there was a reason i was putting up with you in my car	0
now im craving strawberry shortcake	0
& bring me a plate	0
i thought that was beautiful	0
girls steady lying and my niggas steady changing up	2
girls steady lying and my niggas steady changing up	4
everyone on the walking dead is dying i give up on that stupid ass show and life	4
ill bear it in	0
im waiting on that now its taking forever . 	1
im well aware thats theres women ive been with and ppl are like "howd you get her ? "  .  .  .  . man im just a collector of beautiful things	0
invite ?  they are all in the same case as us  .  .  same graveyard	0
worried about one person ju	2
worried about one person ju	4
we are very happy you approve!! its all good stuff!!	0
go outside and first thing i smell is carne asada	1
well ,  was it good cheesecake ? 	0
when people you hate have terrible lives ,  yet they act happy .  i know you aint doing well ,  quit lying . 	0
my new nails are so cute	0
steph i love you !!!! and you two need to teach me to swim	1
would have thought they were dunfor	0
harpoon larrys	0
gon bout yo business	0
blowing my shit up	0
i miss you too wyd for your birthday today  ? 	0
its just a game sometimes you win sometimes you lose	0
slept from 7pm til 3:30am migraine got worse	1
slept from 7pm til 3:30am migraine got worse	5
and back to monotony	2
and back to monotony	4
i need new people to text	0
how was that vacay tho	0
kyrie is a bad man . 	5
me and salena have been connected at the hip for like a week straight	0
what happened to jumanji ? 	1
// they give you a life jacket nigga and u can smoke	0
when im alone i miss my girl so much .  wishing she was bugging me to read a book or take her outside ,  or climbing on me like a jungle gym	1
welcome	0
sunday only love .  . 	0
great photo!!	0
and it will stay a dream	1
id be rich if i didnt have soo many hobbies	1
ive been craving ravioli	1
i love being back in the swing of things with working out! yesterday i walked up 30 floors and then rode the spinning bike and lifted	0
its gon to his comittee .   .  .  . a bloke called lars (a foreigner) will decide  .  .  .  .  .  . congratulations mate btw	0
i know ,  time went by fast	1
pillowtalk on loop	0
i think youre right but i wont make it in time today i got work until 5:30! ive fucked it	1
happy birthday my little baby have a good night	2
been doing that all this week .  i cant enough . 	0
happy birthdayyy az bhai!	0
ios 10 is the shit im loving how my messages look	0
ios 10 is the shit im loving how my messages look	1
maybe jensen had spent a little too much time under the sun during his vacations	0
fathers day came fast	3
fathers day came fast	5
oh i know but thank you	0
oh i know but thank you	0
im petty for that one	0
out #dolantwinsnewvideo subscribe and give it a ilysm pls follow 215	0
believe all that them women stick together	0
happy fathers day love you so much pops	0
im trynna be cheap	0
i miss you more babe	0
thank you mama t	0
now that you came into my life i feel complete .  ily	0
i think i know that im stressed without taking a quiz	0
i desperately wanna see and touch bangtan	1
i have soya milk instead tastes much better than milk	0
i need help with this flyer	1
sleepy af	1
welp	0
finally home	1
words cant explain how fucking mad i am	2
you looked cute	0
#reasonsihavetolivealone unrealistic expectations of friendship set by my last roommates	1
slowly starting to find lateysha so attractive #bbuk	3
slowly starting to find lateysha so attractive #bbuk	5
you can crush my candy cane but youll never catch me cry	1
damn was tweeting last night	0
&lt ; &lt ;  thats why this money bout to add up	0
really cant be bothered to clean the house today! its gonna take so long	1
are you okay ? 	3
are you okay ? 	5
thanks !	0
yall gotta stop this captivity bra the shit is annoying	0
shut that shit up quit playin wit me like i actually care man	0
i love you more than the palm tree i promise	0
thats true ,  his lyrics get worse every mixtape	0
i cant wait til next week so i can finally sleep in !!	0
why didnt you invite me over to eat tho  ? 	1
so fucking annoyed	2
so fucking annoyed	4
just got off a 12 hour flight and seeing brexit news what the fuuuuuck .  racist times . 	1
this #f214 paper had better be entirely on synapses or something easy as im having to miss the england game for it #ocr #gutted	2
this #f214 paper had better be entirely on synapses or something easy as im having to miss the england game for it #ocr #gutted	1
get ur arse in lol ,  lots for you to do today	0
my "family" be soo shady acting ,  its crazy	0
i gut a pic to show u	0
nia stop liking my tweets and not rting/ replying .  honestly what are you doing ? 	4
ill see u forest	2
im joking lol	0
youre funny we should link up again	0
the moon reminds me of you ,  so beautiful and so far away	0
so much to do in the month of july	0
gutted  .  .  .  .  going to a special event this afternoon .  ordered a top wednesday with next day delivery .  its still not arrived	1
lmao if coco chanel has "i dont do fashion .  i am fashion" ,  kim jaejoong has "i dont do yaoi .  i am yaoi""	0
i would be a shoe addict if i had the money why are the shoes i always want so expensive	1
please play ft day one #huaweijoburgday	0
i want some waffles	1
i cant do this	3
i cant do this	5
nicholas raising your expectations since 1999	1
the era is over .  . time for some changes #esp	1
thought i got lucky but they turned and left like the others	0
thank you	0
so sleepy .  i was up crying legitimate tears finishing oitnb at 5 am this morning	0
cried cause it brought back childhood memories	1
haha .  knp tak practice takde masa ke ?  well different people different way right ? 	2
haha .  knp tak practice takde masa ke ?  well different people different way right ? 	5
thanks bro for always supporting me! and also carried me all games .  insyaallah aminn	1
my son kick me all in my chest last night	4
my back is starting to peel	0
last night in estonia	1
thank you!!!	1
just looked at the odds on rossi winning the indy 500 and i am sick .  i could be rich as fuck right now	1
im only kidding	0
that was supposed to be a but works too lol	0
its whatever	0
trying to make me jealous is the best way to make me laugh	0
she said i am one as white wine bruh i am weak asf	0
this storm need to go on somewhere so i can watch the game	2
cant disagree	0
all i have to say is .  .  . the lasagna was good	0
the two are unrelated .  although there was this one time in the kitchen .  .  . 	0
i was able to come home from work and finish a painting .  it was so relaxing . 	1
cargo for tonights game .  500ml bit of coke & a crunchie .  still a rebel eh . 	1
he then handed me the body after this	1
#miitomo_zelda_rt i want the shirt so bad	1
thats what the lyrics mean ?  good thing this is an exo song hyukjae with dark hair and eyeliner	0
joe blue though	0
i just want to sleep rn	1
play safe	0
happy birthday sweet girl i miss you and travel softball i hope today is great	0
i really love seeing and together .  theyre so cute	0
matts giving me one already ,  but thank you so much	0
i really hate the fact my oil changes b costing 75/80$ .  regular cars only b like 25/30	1
ill rub on your booty while you do your make up	0
im always finding money in the most random places	0
hard asf	0
im like sick to my stomach	4
finding it v irritating that the "remain" camp are adopting a superior attitude .  sneering at the leave camp like we are a load of thickos	2
sooo many lasses in football shirts shame the most beautiful one i know aint out	0
sooo many lasses in football shirts shame the most beautiful one i know aint out	1
rubens laughing at me because im scared . 	1
ill probably visit! plus i gotta get my paycheck lol	1
oh i will be wasted but you will be kissing my feet!!	0
yes over the yrs it does get bigger	0
the temple workers made fun of my name the whole time i was there .  they are so cute	0
you a hoe	1
really hating this thunder	1
you didnt tell me	1
yeah they were metal so that would explain it clumsy thing	0
cool ,  ill dm you	0
my wifi wanna act a ass	2
my wifi wanna act a ass	4
once a nigga really fuck with me he couldnt leave me alone if he tried ,  this shit addicting  .   . 	0
oh! who is these days ? 	2
oh! who is these days ? 	4
when ive eaten	0
cant wait for this weekend peda saturday with the girls then date with the hubby	0
youre very pretty! i do see what you mean by that statement though .  .  . 	0
itd be sweet as suga if youd learn how to love right	1
itd be sweet as suga if youd learn how to love right	0
let me just follow all the ladies replying its the best way to get a link to one . 	0
i cant wait to get my vehicle	0
good luck .  xx	0
happy fathers day to your pops i love that n*gger	0
adi got me weak with these videos	1
have you ever been pissed and see somebody make a subliminal post towards you and you wasnt even talking to them hold up mf	3
have you ever been pissed and see somebody make a subliminal post towards you and you wasnt even talking to them hold up mf	5
im not even sleepy rn wtf so feel free to	0
niggas do some bitch ass shit yea	1
am i the only one who follows vcu people	1
i needa find me a bf	1
the stuff people put and write on facebook! wonder if they realise its out there forever .  .  . 	3
the stuff people put and write on facebook! wonder if they realise its out there forever .  .  . 	5
loved the showcase today and love what youre doing! thank you	0
this game is fucking nuts	1
this game is fucking nuts	5
sweet 21 in october but im going see queen bey in september	0
why did i even try	1
follow me already	1
i still dont understand what i did so wrong to get cheated on	0
alright	0
hey boo ,  we should hang out not waiting in a massive and chaotic line sometime!	0
super excited for you!	0
waking up at 6:00 am to go study on a summer time why  ? ! ? !	1
looking for a job is so stressful bc some never call and most dont need you	1
hello final year in omc oh my god let me unleash the monster within	2
tiny puppy! cuuuute	0
tiny puppy! cuuuute	3
fuck steph curry  ,  fuck steph curry extended and fuck steph curry 2 are on apple music and spotify go bump dat	0
but watch him score the knob	0
absolutely not .  i cant believe youd even ask a question like that .  (of course its ok . )	0
ohh screen	1
i think his family knew more than theyve said-his father -bloody religion this is what happens	1
dont know you you seem nice tho	0
omg no i could never take that without paying	1
im so upset ,  50 people murdered at a place where they go to feel safe and free ,  my heart hurts for my community	1
too right .  added to that voice is that grating accent	0
i see that	2
stupid battery	1
stupid battery	4
dont know you that well but you seem like so much fun to be around w lol . why lie .  i relate to your tweets too lol . 	0
me & oomf can stop talking & get back right just like we never stopped fw each other	0
well .  .  congratulations & a partayyyy is due from you for sure  .  .  dont care if you knew or not	0
feck off you old curmudgeon	0
i need in my back pocket at all times please and thank you	1
thank you!!	0
finally got my jack in the box	0
love a 0-0 bet	0
fifa 17 ,  mass effect ,  battlefield 1 and skyrim remastered .  im going to be skint	2
fifa 17 ,  mass effect ,  battlefield 1 and skyrim remastered .  im going to be skint	4
"twitter only shows your last 3200 tweets . "	2
cant think of a time when my gut feeling was wrong	1
i just had to tell you that lol	0
a like and a retweet happy birthday	0
im sad af bruh she fye smh	1
i just have to spend money to fix these issues now . 	1
be on loan at everton before the start of the season	0
how do yall be finding me on here who gave him my twitter not that i care he see whats on it but geesh	2
hi how are you ?  hope youre fine todays my birthday & all i wish for is your follow! mind following me ?  • 1 , 874	0
really ? 	0
lol i was thinking “troy’s so naive”	0
i was just given a "culture score" of -4 by no one is surprised	0
pas been teasing me about getting a boyfriend .  oh pa i dont want a boyfriend ,  i want another dog	1
lmao shes really here and her fine-ass sister dropped her off i shouldve just lived my fantasy and opened the gate shirtless	0
lmao shes really here and her fine-ass sister dropped her off i shouldve just lived my fantasy and opened the gate shirtless	1
really forgot how relaxing it was to play the piano .  cant wait to get back into it . 	0
still ?  lmao when are you free for 1	0
i miss kayanna  ,  didnt see my bby today	1
daily uploads  ?  ? 	0
i never wanna be without	1
finding dory and the conjuring 2 was amazing .  me before you at nsym 2 na lang	0
i just lold at that tweet	3
agian okay i wont	0
im just trying to eat some good ass shit im tired of eating the same bs everyday	1
im just trying to eat some good ass shit im tired of eating the same bs everyday	1
boy freaking friends	0
maybe somebody from the class of 1999 will recognize him . 	0
nahhh no one cares	0
in woy we trust	0
ok ill go to sleep now	0
man im at work with a fat ass headache this shit not cool	1
crack is terrible	1
its a definite party .  for the crew and spectators .  for the runners ,  its still a long run in the desert	0
im more excited to watch finding dory than my sister	1
i anticipate how much ill miss my family while im on the road . this makes time together before my departure more anxious than appreciated	1
oh fuck check tyty in your avi young bull looking spiffy .  he had to come out of cedar	0
if there are any cougars lookin at this tweet ,  my phone is open 25/8	0
a raspberry lemonade from sb would make my day rn	1
i wish would go off on he is always coming for onika	1
sorry not sorry	0
coolin hard as shit	2
ive been getting these laugh attacks when i randomly start laughing for no reason .  .  its great	0
my step dad killed el chapo	2
i wasnt mean can have a mads related reward ? 	0
i think that .  .  .  .  and a few other things	0
i always pack at the last minute for trips . 	0
save the last dance never gets old	0
sore throat with bengkak eyes	1
ive a crush on rumblysuperset hes like this cuddly funny bear with a great laugh . 	0
yall need to teach me how to be petty	3
yall need to teach me how to be petty	5
exactly	0
ill hit you up tomorrow if you arent busy i dont work so ill smoke you out	0
 ,  thanks meci	1
my mother ordered me food just for me to stay down her house	0
i like cracks	0
carnival tn	0
congatulations james the whole team cavs	0
its funny when you see a insta famous bitch in person and she aint cute at all	0
finally leaving tomorrow	0
a 9 hour drive is no joke #traveling	1
what do you want im just playing bro jenn i miss you we need to link soon ,  nah fr lol	1
im seriously so grateful to bangtan ,  its only when im actually rly sad do i realize that bangtan makes me so happy	4
see you soon	0
woke up to some great news	0
its raining like &	1
you may be designing his next tour art!!	0
once again .  .  . in over my head . 	0
the sunset is so pretty right now	0
muchas thank you	0
had my first break down this year about school this arvo lets keep count how many more i have	2
had my first break down this year about school this arvo lets keep count how many more i have	4
birth control work real good im not	0
dont let these pretty faces fool u everybody aint down to ride #loyalty come first	0
i have work in the morning time to go to bed goodnight	0
you gone be mad at me forever if you think that nigga ever leaving me	0
love that my brother is home because he is the only one who takes me to great china and olive garden	0
till when	0
close your blinds when walking around your place with a charcoal face mask	2
close your blinds when walking around your place with a charcoal face mask	4
yall made me look good i had little to do	0
yall made me look good i had little to do	0
bless there hearts	0
it feels like a friday	1
sorry that was ariana!	0
smh till you people revealed that guys id	2
smh till you people revealed that guys id	4
jungkook hasnt rapped in a bts song since the dark&wild album ,  im mad	2
i dont match & i dont care	0
woke up drunk asl	1
yiiiz really	0
breakfast club	0
i hate aggravating people that keep nagging like gtf	0
first thought i had too	2
first thought i had too	4
i honestly dont know .  when i walked in and saw the dude smoking pot ,  i got out in a hurry . 	0
in game name haha	0
i miss bong hits	1
hands down the best concert ive been to was fgl last night	0
just happy together with dot! dot! pa more adn! #aldub11thmonthsary	0
hey pretty lady ,  could you follow me back so i can dm you ? 	0
im loving it so interesting	0
im cool on em  ,  i done had him  . 	0
wait and cam ?  nah will is here	2
wow you ship member x member too ?  i think people like you doesnt like member x member but member x self or oc	0
jasmine green tea	0
aint getting no with that attitude . 	0
awww .  . missing us i see	0
dont play games with someone who can play better	0
ur life is goals to me girl	1
lowkey wanna show you my joji fanart . 	0
making a thread on how i perceive the sun signs!! (ill also do moon and rising later on)	0
a mochi can be a singer aswell ,  dont underestimate the power of a "mochi man"	0
wow i love you so much	0
teach me how to love -musiq soulchild	1
there was so much going on tonight this y im a &stay n my apt bc when i come out ppl shoot music videos on my roof & share blunts	1
usa can suck my big #colombian dick 3 times	0
im high	1
lmaoo im mad funny deadass	0
i want to fight yo im fucking heated	2
i could care less about basketball but curry is enough to make me a warriors fan	0
my old days	0
nah fr its bedtime i got so much to do tomorrow . 	0
gambling is a mugs game	1
my kinda lunch	0
oh yeah! #dolceamoredworldtouryorkshire	0
oh yeah! #dolceamoredworldtouryorkshire	5
a lil fcked up behind alotta sht but i wont open my mouth	4
happyyy birrthdaaay	0
he a savage i love everything about him ,  yeah	0
2 weeks till kavos	2
2 weeks till kavos	5
always be my maybe	0
i left that right in kiyah bag again	0
if you aint tryna fuck ,  what you spend the night for  ?  |	0
i love you	0
visible love bites are disgusting man . 	4
damn i thought i was ready ,  really not	2
i have no idea who im texting ian save none of these niggas numbers	1
the british fuckers voted leave! uk is going down! woo-hoo!	0
you should already be back	1
wish i had friends so we can link up look cute & just be turnt	1
are you fucking kidding me  ?  ?  ? !! im embarrassed mexico wtf	2
on the mopeds with trailers	0
my mom taking hella long at the register .  .  . the lq store bouta close	1
youre def not that curious chels	1
i dont know what to do with myself when i close .  i have until 3pm to just do nothing but sleep	1
how about 10 ways to be less busy .  .  . by learning to say no ? 	0
every nfl year diff .  we good but i feel like alex smith not a super bowl qb unless he has a break out season lol	1
how i wish the starks and targaryen will rule westeros and easteros	0
currently feeling like shit because i ate mcdonalds and that was the first time i did in over 2 months . 	4
my hair always smells so good & feels so soft i love it	0
cheer the fuck up you grumpy muppet	0
myrtle beach td . 	0
tryna teach these bitches salsa lmfao	0
my body aint ready	1
thanks best friend	0
this life tho .  motivation to keep going	1
ridin round on e	0
it was funny to see how people was like "warriors in 5" "warriors in 6" "warrior in 7" to hush mode	0
you are wut  . thnx tho babes	5
i want a smoothie	1
i lied your hela ugly bruh	0
getting on our level	0
i knew i had something to tell my sister ima tell her when i wake back up though	0
i knew i had something to tell my sister ima tell her when i wake back up though	0
to com febre	1
id cry too! id be very upset that my parents gave me ducks to leave them behind	1
been offered a contract after i finish my apprenticeship so fucking happy	0
no im not	1
its weird to think after grad ,  the people youve gone to school with since kindergarten you may never see again	3
its weird to think after grad ,  the people youve gone to school with since kindergarten you may never see again	5
thank you	0
im so tired but i cant sleep	4
ha ha cool idea	0
home	0
now im walking away	0
i dont need to be tamed .  i didnt do anything . 	0
thanks have tried but just get recorded message	5
#prayforjustinb &lt ; --- really ?  hes rich & appears to be in good health .  50 people were murdered in cold blood but yall praying for him ? 	2
#prayforjustinb &lt ; --- really ?  hes rich & appears to be in good health .  50 people were murdered in cold blood but yall praying for him ? 	4
so hurt at the moment	1
100 round on me im coolan	0
its easier to say yes than no i guess	0
me too	1
it just feels so good to be able to appreciate every little thing	0
dont tell us we arent excited about #hillary when shes had the most unfavorable media coverage of anyone!	2
miss it sm but i dooooo ,  when i get back youre the first person im seeing	1
ffs how can i not spell bald	0
ffs how can i not spell bald	1
richard look at me & did this emoijs	0
richard look at me & did this emoijs	0
thank you	0
so pretty and i miss you	0
so pretty and i miss you	0
you a lucky nigga if my mean ass like ya . 	0
im gonna miss you too julia!! so happy you learned so much and are soooo good now (especially in the dances:winking_face:) !!	0
im gonna miss you too julia!! so happy you learned so much and are soooo good now (especially in the dances:winking_face:) !!	0
what a perfect weekend kushoda ubae	1
im excited for songsong couple in chengdu todaaaaaay	0
i really need some dynamite	0
hey girl	0
cranberry grape juice makes my heart smile	0
im not in indy for pride this year and its killing me	1
fuck your logic	0
heard you good w them soft lips	0
i need to get up and get dressed .  i gotta go see nolan . 	0
kerr told chef wherever you see a pick and roll get the fuck out of dodge	0
1 month from tommorow #endlessummertour	2
knew you get it	0
q baby	0
game 7 .  .  .  . at home i mean ,  why not ? 	0
who else got that amber alert ? 	3
daddy thought baby was in my room sleep .  he said he must dont eat steak	0
dont forget my reservation	0
japan ,  australia ,  canada! im coming for one of you! adopt me please lol	0
i promise to be there for every high and low .  and also every wave in between	0
happy happy janam din mubarik ,  girl stay stay party hard have blast	0
happy happy janam din mubarik ,  girl stay stay party hard have blast	0
happy happy janam din mubarik ,  girl stay stay party hard have blast	0
happy happy janam din mubarik ,  girl stay stay party hard have blast	0
- i like these emojis lmao but you be supporting a nigga i fw that	0
why do so many people complain and talk as if they have life completely figured out ?  30 years old ,  knows everything .  yeah sure . 	0
waiting on gma to finish cooking	0
me too	1
me too	5
my daddy pissing me tf off	4
surprised he never started by saying during the war	0
happy happy birthday to hope youre feeling 22 have a great day!!	0
the mother is out with the holy water im weak #coybig	0
im not races but than i think i am	2
im not races but than i think i am	5
when your fellow mst3k fan friend calls to see if you wanna watch the live stream on your day off .  uh yes i do . 	0
do you still have the t shirts i kinda forgot	0
lol no everyone i knew used to curse so it was only	0
lol no everyone i knew used to curse so it was only	1
just watched it! hilarious! thanks destiny!	0
just watched it! hilarious! thanks destiny!	0
a month from today ill be a mrs . 	0
im just being honest	0
i am beyond tired	1
you my nigga dawg stay geekin when im around you imma miss having pe with you bro	0
cant wait until tomorrow!	2
look at the one whos talking	4
feel like death	4
my day was pretty good	0
thats lil kims boyfriend people #betawards2016	0
i have a lots of friends but cant forget my "old 3" .  .  .  cant apart to that oldness is "10 yr"	0
kind of bored with the whole tournament already #euro2016 will tune in thursday for #eng game as some sort of sadomasochistic punishment!	2
youre welcome for ruining your life	0
i didnt	1
im just about done with my school honestly	1
wonderful	5
now you cant ever stop being my friend because i know to much . 	0
late night creep sesh	0
im pretty tired	4
then ill probably meet u !!! hi im alex	0
lol not a kid anymore but shukran	0
shout out to my mate follow him and show him some love	0
"its zelda ,  but open world survival adventure . " "and link cant be a girl because of the balance of the triforce . "	2
"its zelda ,  but open world survival adventure . " "and link cant be a girl because of the balance of the triforce . "	4
so keke palmer is a dike now  ? 	1
hell up lol	0
this man said lebron did not deserve finals mvp! ? 	1
i knew you were trouble instead	2
i knew you were trouble instead	4
collins is my new fave . 	0
100% need to do more	0
oh and thats for two pairs of shoes! the other shoe is free . 	0
finna call every number in my contact list	0
sounds like a plan	0
im not even going on the trip tomorrow i be on some other ish	2
im not even going on the trip tomorrow i be on some other ish	4
im not even going on the trip tomorrow i be on some other ish	1
i dont know why you asked like you aint gunna get it anyways	0
no work this weekend or next because max & gaz are away to glasto ,  living legends	0
young joc never fails to crack me up	1
party cant be that great if youre on your phone tweeting about it .  .  . 	1
scotch tape #aldub11thmonthsary	0
yeah i realised afterwards that it wasnt her fault .  still hilarious though	0
i just wanna snuggle all up under my baby	1
cuz u cant get em	2
cuz u cant get em	4
nah been outta love bout 2 weeks now .  .  but im still happy *boosie voice*	0
want straight hair im always getting curly or wavy	1
my main wallah	0
oh lol .  so many games not enough time to finish them	1
if i send you ugly snaps ,  its real	0
i pray that everything goes well tomorrow	1
found myself watching a 20 minute long video compilation from our europe trip .  cant believe its been a year since today i miss it!!	1
i have seen this more times than i care to admit	3
i have seen this more times than i care to admit	5
i dont know what to do anymore	1
let me find out they back at it	0
done! thanks for the reminder!	0
its been so good today too catch up with two amazing & miss you both like crazy	1
i be missing him when i aint with him like we just got together	2
i be missing him when i aint with him like we just got together	4
mfs aint gotta text me back	1
i guess we have grew apart havent we	1
but yet your location says .  .  .  .  .  .  never mind	0
thank you bbs ,  much love	0
omg when was this ? 	0
trumps reaction towards the orlando shooting tho .  .  . 	1
pls correct your news & weatherman - mid summers day is friday 24th ,  not today  .  .  .  .  i know this because its my birthday!	0
fuck around lose yo life actin to brave	4
my 35o morphe palette came in !!	0
ready to be on a cruise for 7 days	0
- you seem sweet	0
im kidding  ,  get back to work	0
the sound of the bluebell commercial on the radio . 	0
ah well .  .  .  back to revision then i guess .  .  . 	1
weeerrrrk	0
girls who can sing tho	0
editing it all on my phone .  .  .  wasnt hard at all honestly finished it though so be on the lookout for it probably tomorrow 9am pst	0
editing it all on my phone .  .  .  wasnt hard at all honestly finished it though so be on the lookout for it probably tomorrow 9am pst	0
thats because it is something i would do	0
its so hot outside	1
1 more episode of should not have binge watched them	1
lol the kiddo for me the other 3 i been asked you for real people	2
lol the kiddo for me the other 3 i been asked you for real people	4
yesss love getting mad compliments on my hair s/o thanks for taming the beast! fuck school be a hair dresser	0
these folks know each other glad i stopped talking to all 3 of them folks	0
sleep why have you forsaken me	1
ive gotten so many compliments on my cut	0
thats incredible ,  seriously really well done cant wait to see more	0
thats incredible ,  seriously really well done cant wait to see more	0
just saved the day	0
safety is key! have a safe flight!	0
i took a 3 hour nap now im just up looking krazy till i fall asleep again	1
when i walk into nal i just expect a 12 hour shift	0
id rather watch vines than tv	0
you already know	0
hehe thank you ,  definitely and i hope it will happen soon i had a great time	0
you know im down	0
love this and love you! cant wait to start scheming winter adventures!	0
its going to be a super long day for me today	3
love when i see niggas free ballin	0
its his bullshit not mine	3
its his bullshit not mine	5
fuckball	0
if you have a question ask me to ask them	0
feels .  cries .  #mmkcourageouscatie	1
melanie is not scary!!!	2
that shit is too savage	3
looks more like kanye and delonte west	0
1st time in months ive gotten up at 6:30 instead of 7:00 .  .  final day of school ,  and graduation! wow ,  i cant believe it!	0
ha!!! that ,  and when kneecaps face backwards	5
i was in jail at the time	1
his fucking arms man!!! how is it possible that such scrony looking guy has such good arms ? ! ?  ?  #fuckyouconnor	2
-gvms -jump highway every day dn -your birthday party -crazy ass kid	0
-gvms -jump highway every day dn -your birthday party -crazy ass kid	0
i threw up about 10 times last night but on the bright side my stomach is back where i want it to be	0
its too late for that	1
i had been looking for it since you posted it and i finally found it!!!	1
400 days until july 21 ,  2017 . 	0
looks delicious happy friday	0
thank youuu	0
you cant wig the ultimate wigger . 	0
ill ask her but i doubt well go cause we already had plans	1
hello!	0
ok cavs! thats what i like to see lets keep this lead	2
let the bucket list festivities begin . 	2
time to pick up olivia from camp . 	0
i just need someone to take me to see finding dory	1
haha heyyy!! thank you!	0
wow you already forgetting bout me	1
pops just said we going to stevens creek bmw better be my bday present	0
happy birthday ,  miss you ,  but i do hope you enjoy the next 23 hours ,  celebrating w/ great people & great food	0
you should brexit . 	0
ion involve myself in those activities anymore	1
thank you ?  ?  ? 	0
omg im so excited for saturday!!!!	0
i also had two bottles of tequila in my trunk and i was driving barefoot lmfaoooo but he didnt know all that so	0
my snap chat lit	0
work asked if i had any other commitments i needed to work around (& that i could basically work whenever) almost said the bachelorette	2
work asked if i had any other commitments i needed to work around (& that i could basically work whenever) almost said the bachelorette	5
getting money is the only damn option	4
but thats expected	0
its ruining your whole mood i think #lbloggers	1
hahahahahaha you wish ugh when the baon roles in	0
hahahahahaha you wish ugh when the baon roles in	0
cba for work right now	1
today is actually jokes	0
the 3 golden *dont lie *dont cheat *and dont give-up	0
the 3 golden *dont lie *dont cheat *and dont give-up	0
the 3 golden *dont lie *dont cheat *and dont give-up	0
they bad	0
lmaooo .  what deaf nigga ? 	0
omg it messed mine up too! i should have waited but im so impatient .  .  . 	2
omg it messed mine up too! i should have waited but im so impatient .  .  . 	4
well hot damn!! turn your back for a few minutes & you hit $150k! congrats!	0
haircut going tomorrow	0
i need to get in a swimming pool ,  im dumb sore . 	1
yeah the last livestream also was at 1 pm pacific time ( it will be 11 pm here in bulgaria )	0
yeah the last livestream also was at 1 pm pacific time ( it will be 11 pm here in bulgaria )	0
yeah the last livestream also was at 1 pm pacific time ( it will be 11 pm here in bulgaria )	0
tabom	0
i have absolutely no idea what youre talking about	0
thank you!	0
me too love ,  me too	1
i have gold	0
hhhh awtsss ingat bhe gluck	0
whats big and green and keeps you company when your love is gone ?  the hulk ,  you dirty minded people .  im watching him right now . 	0
you tripping	0
lmfaooo freshman 15 man	0
one last backyard boogie at the crib for my birthday ?  looks like it!	0
post a selfie pezzzzz pleease	0
anybody kidnap me ,  i promise they gon bring my ass back!	0
work sucked . 	2
work sucked . 	4
i know im so devastated ill come to wichita one weekend and we can partay!	1
marvellous tks	0
idk why i just saw this now .  but yes its so fabulous . 	0
sad dolly wasnt at dollywood	1
staying up til 3 am last night was definitely worth only getting 5 hours of sleep . 	0
i just saw this he cried a few nights ,  but we didnt give in .  put a blanket over his kennel . 	0
came back like the cavs when i was down and beat my grandma in croquet	0
✿:gem_stone:@lenas_view hi my love can you follow me ?  please youre my angel thank you for everything i love you so much ♡ × 1567	0
✿:gem_stone:@lenas_view hi my love can you follow me ?  please youre my angel thank you for everything i love you so much ♡ × 1567	1
sister bought me a charger	0
head rubs would be nice if my hair didnt get greasy so fast i be like not on this freshly washed scalp  ,  catch me in a few days	0
iguodala should be starter	0
happy last day of school! i hope everyone does great on their finals!	0
i think im in a weather depression	1
bye red hair	1
still you are a manager my love .  i am an associate	1
queens	0
eeh bad northbound at ghatkopar and southbound at sion somaiya .  take your pick	4
goosebumps	2
goosebumps	5
love my header do you ? 	0
love my header do you ? 	0
im like growing the fuck up	0
like i just redid my braids & i know they wont look nearly this good when i redo them before work in the am	1
messy messy!	1
daum i should of been in bed ,  sleeping already	1
everyone go visit and at family video .  they out there runnin that place	0
most albanian girls hate me tho lmfao shit would be so great ,  face to face .  .  come here girlll lemme slice you	0
and anyway we will be too busy celebrating englands win at the euros to talk politics its that kind of year!	0
my next day off isnt until saturday but	1
i use to see you around school ,  but we never spoke  .  you seem real cool though	0
excellent any pies/food on ? 	0
is a dumbass	0
new pll time	0
been home since 1 and im still up idk why	1
not showing that you are perfect is even more difficult . 	0
happy birthday girl ,  i hope you have the best birthday ever! && we have to hang out soon ,  imy	1
jealousy will get you no where babe	0
job~ bcz leading a #normal life is too #mainstream	0
great talk mom	0
im a big crybaby	1
#sweatpantspapi .  kyrie has made everything alright .  #wordofmouthradio	0
#sweatpantspapi .  kyrie has made everything alright .  #wordofmouthradio	0
dont try it you juss told me im funny as shit	2
dont try it you juss told me im funny as shit	4
guess its time to just give up	2
guess its time to just give up	4
el vado this weekend	0
secalhar vou ver os angry birds . 	0
omaha bound #omapokes	0
i know the whole truth  .  .  .  .  watch your shit rock	0
first time on the mic tonight at first i was nervous but then it felt just like home i hope yall love it	0
first time on the mic tonight at first i was nervous but then it felt just like home i hope yall love it	0
first time on the mic tonight at first i was nervous but then it felt just like home i hope yall love it	1
first time on the mic tonight at first i was nervous but then it felt just like home i hope yall love it	5
aahh i cant wait	0
my baby gonna come out looking like his daddy people watch ion gonna get no credit	0
no dont do it! c	0
wish i had someone to go to the gym with	1
was in atl turning up w usher	0
ohhhhhhh youre that girl	0
happy fathers day to my cousin && my shooter yall are wonderful mothers && fathers	0
yall should come!	0
im scared to go alone .  .  . the scrubs will judge me	1
im scared to go alone .  .  . the scrubs will judge me	5
lost my nose ring	1
gotta wash my makeup brushes the struggle is real . 	1
hablame	1
naked juice drinks are the best damn drinks ever	0
i need to fuck with someone who does reprints and fixes shoes	1
-161  ?  ?  ?  how is that even possible  ? 	2
-161  ?  ?  ?  how is that even possible  ? 	5
me always	0
finding dory comes out tomorrow!!	1
my man supports liverpool not suprised	0
i cant wait to get my first tattoo next month	0
is it time for club barrientotoy to finally become a reality ?  hmmmmmm .  .  .  .  .  .  #soon (sisimulan ko na ang bylaws hahahaha)	0
im so single that i have trust issues with myself	0
when u cant sleep so you stare at the ceiling thinking about everything that went wrong in life	1
it’s over 90db in this restaurant .  so loud .  i can’t wait to get home . 	1
it’s over 90db in this restaurant .  so loud .  i can’t wait to get home . 	1
it’s over 90db in this restaurant .  so loud .  i can’t wait to get home . 	5
my stomach is hurting so bad	1
my bad	2
my bad	5
fuckkk i didnt see that game!	3
fuckkk i didnt see that game!	5
wizzy baby	0
vanessas sister is a hg codys brother is also a hg	0
vanessas sister is a hg codys brother is also a hg	2
vanessas sister is a hg codys brother is also a hg	4
h8 you guys	1
i hope joi having a girl	1
wishing i was in amsterdam for the #antiworldtour	1
bruh im so tired	1
mhm .  june babies do it best!	0
im entitled to my opinion . 	0
request bottle by feat .  &  . please play it thanks	0
11:11 babygate end soon	2
11:11 babygate end soon	4
ty sorrel	0
you arent odd haley if only you saw half the"odd" shit i did at gsp ,  then you would want to disown me	0
you arent odd haley if only you saw half the"odd" shit i did at gsp ,  then you would want to disown me	0
i hate when a nigga cute af but they boring	1
one week my friends ,  get your livers ready	2
imo ,  moaning myrtle looks scary and creepy	0
handed in my portfolio for university today!!	0
i was in such a good mood	1
wanna do my whole high skool experience ova wth	1
no way .  .  .  . 	1
my heartfelt prayers for the shooting in orlando .  just senseless #orlandoshooting	1
he changed his name and i forgot to find it again but it was on his ig	2
he changed his name and i forgot to find it again but it was on his ig	5
no too fucking expensive .  ill go see boy george instead .  .  .  . 	0
looking forward to the last day of the convention tomorrow good	0
looking forward to the last day of the convention tomorrow good	0
u back from bora na ate ?  im going back to mnl nxt week ate ,  pero balik din ako .  tara next week ate!	0
how has that happened ?  x	3
how has that happened ?  x	5
ios 10 is not worth the update	4
i think oomf on ig miss me cause he always coming out the blue liking my pictures old and new ones but ion want him	0
i ate that ass like shrimp fried rice	0
lovely night out with left the car at the pub ,  forgetting that eldest needs to be at football at 9 early jog 2 the pub for me then	2
lovely night out with left the car at the pub ,  forgetting that eldest needs to be at football at 9 early jog 2 the pub for me then	5
yall send me emojis	0
you gonna carry my fat ass	0
nooooo way! ? 	5
good morning .  another day ,  another life ,  another seatwork and paper to be made . 	1
so sexy	0
what a fab idea	0
i would participate but my brothers follow me	1
i remember in 8th grade kendal was like "nick and seb aint even good we got this"	0
fighting internal battles are no joke . 	1
lol niggas want attention so bad	0
when you buy a family size of cheese curds to eat at home with your meal & buy a small size for the ride home gshit	0
this week sucks	1
good beautiful morning ,  miss diana!!	0
i be with my rounds	0
great	2
nah but iceland celebrated like they won the euros few days ago .  small team	0
me - 143 she -  ?  ?  ?  me - i love you she - 1419 me -  ?  ?  ?  ?  she - i have a boyfriend	1
thank you for the most beautiful flowers i have ever received they smell and look amazing .  arrangement by cheryl #dumfries	3
if you walk in the gym and see more than 20 ppl  .  .  .  just turn around and go home	1
this is going to be my taehyung video thread	0
aw shes gorgeous	1
when you have $20 extra on your bank account and dont know where if came from	0
mood republik	0
disney ? 	0
looks like you	0
stupid film .  cant sleep because of it	1
boy if u dont go on did i say that ?  noooooo	0
 .  .  .  i havent heard your voice in so long then i flick on 24 hours in a&e  .  .  .  & theres both of you	1
i need a mental break . 	1
robson kanu is unreal tho	0
yeah she was all proud of it in the pic and then her nudes get leaked and the whole city sees	0
na i hate when people say my name	1
woke up to hear 20 people died & 42 were hurt in a shooting pray for them	1
darn i missed 11:11	1
pink purple idk lol you did blue already !	0
i been taking ls all day	1
feel like you owe me that	0
i need more #gameofthrones #addiction	1
i need more #gameofthrones #addiction	4
i swear this constant angry rain is leaving hundreds of tiny bruises on that bald scalp of mine	2
this isnt what i meant to ask him about	0
i was even sitting to his right .  .  wtf	0
g .  good night parvardigara g please come in my dreams #truereligionhumanity	0
im a animal	0
laying here like shit sweet  .  . 	2
laying here like shit sweet  .  . 	4
i never been so tired in my life	1
work went by fast today	0
new #oitnb asos delivery and finish at 1 what a wonderful friday	0
when sayid ,  jin ,  and sun all die on the same episode &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; 	1
the kimchi i made was delicious! but the food i tried to make all together was so bad ill try again soon	1
im never serious and when i am nobody believes it lol	1
work got me fucked up .  . im supposed to have my day off tomorrow and they put me in from 11-5	2
work got me fucked up .  . im supposed to have my day off tomorrow and they put me in from 11-5	4
happy fathers day to everyone oh and to me too	0
alright lets get this shit over with	2
alright lets get this shit over with	4
if i get anything nice on the way back ,  i will get it for you	0
why do i feel that someone called #frarou (without hashtag obv) will be representing someone at #eurovision next year	0
sehun with new hairstyle	0
flower crowns are still a thing ?  ? 	0
happy birthday to the enjoy it ,  t up enough for me too	0
yo im boutta bake a pie with chanyeol .  get on my level	0
its gift to you dear dr	0
4 vacations planned for this year	0
just waiting for the argentina game against usa	4
its okay boo boo ,  thats what im here for	0
just ate so much ,  im dead	4
my sisters frustrate me	1
lets start our day with a big big smile and a bless	0
this is actually the saddest news ,  "bet you dont curse god" was her most influential song for me .  she was only 22 #ripchristinagrimmie	1
this is actually the saddest news ,  "bet you dont curse god" was her most influential song for me .  she was only 22 #ripchristinagrimmie	5
thanks boo	0
man id love the sweet release of death haha	0
im so happy	0
no i mean l like since yours still has a lot i should come to yours! haha i yes the other half didnt send	0
nope just kidding	0
"hoes" stay getting wifed .  its not a coincidence honey	0
go to sleep nigga	1
just know that these streets ,  just dont love you like i do  .  .  .  .  .  .  an they never will . 	0
the week is just getting started	1
if u are dead then how did u post this ? 	0
its henny ,  pineapple juice ,  mango juice ,  and a little lime	0
night time swimming &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; 	1
ucas application away for adult nursing! hoping im not too late!	0
so im sitting next to this lil boy and he took his shoes off ,  the first thing i notice was blue finger nail polish on his toes	1
supposed to go jb but cancelled	1
why cant some1 kill him instead of all those innocent people ,  all those people ever wanted in their lives was acceptance	1
please answer me ,  i never asked for anything for you	1
fuck i need some head	1
sure	3
sure	5
nipple rings aint worth the 9month healing process shit sucks	1
- miss you so much ,  take me to a concert again soon !!	0
you came online ,  i panicked ,  you tweeted ,  i panicked again and now i suppose you left should i calm down or start	0
snrs	2
hey how are you ?  if you see this can you please follow me ?  have a nice day - 89	0
b i love u ,  cant wait for august we finna be lit fam swear u know me better than i know myself	0
damn	0
you too ambie little sunshine	0
much needed right now	0
i didnt have the nicest truck but im gonna miss that thing so much .  its been around since i was born	1
golden state just caught a steal	5
i like nachos with rotel or any other kinda way . 	0
thank you	0
such an intense game! stephs still my boy though #game7	1
my face and are always so fresh and soft	0
man could cop a vespa	0
i want you bad as a bad like the food i eat bad like air i	0
it was nice getting john gifts	0
off to school . 	1
new tour bruno mars	1
thought you believed in me	2
thought you believed in me	5
if england lose on monday can we start a petition to get the game replayed as we wont like the result #brevity #euro16	3
looks great on you	0
bitch we was in school 4 months ago fuck outta here	0
did i say that ?  i must have been very young and impressionable at the time . 	0
idk how much more my heart can take	1
i want this to be in one of bittys tweets	0
i can tell  ,  bro there was like 3 in my yard last night	0
growing up as a kid i was always confused to why we never went inside to eat at sonic	0
cant wait to dye my hair purple i just hope aalyah does a good job	0
cant wait to dye my hair purple i just hope aalyah does a good job	0
thank you!!	0
its been a minute since my last gym trip	1
cant wait to get off tho	0
also today i had my first anxiety attack in months and im still recovering from it .  .  . 	1
literally goals	0
everybody posting the "best dad in the world" .  cant relate	0
lol happy fathers day jay! aubs loves you	0
lol happy fathers day jay! aubs loves you	0
god got me .  . 	0
never turned my back on a fight ,  not going to now	0
thank you	0
i basically have a whole new summer wardrobe	0
me ?  jealous hahahhahhahahahhahahhaahhahahahaha yes but i shouldnt be u arent even mine	0
so sweet	0
is that my god braddah ? 	0
who touched ur heart ode maybe some can see into the future during that 2 months	0
"you go to mexico too much" nooo	0
of course	0
so in love w my car	0
if it means you having to leave your comfort zone .  im against such changes . 	0
haha my heads spinning	4
my dad said *cries in chinese earlier wtf	0
last night was so sad about her broken nail . 	0
ill be so confused	0
be strong ,  emi	1
funny story .  everyone calls peter peta bread bc yt .  .  but i call him shady bread cause the shade is real	0
funny story .  everyone calls peter peta bread bc yt .  .  but i call him shady bread cause the shade is real	1
nigga went 5 days w|o one	1
i got ya hoe on a leash	0
they call him that all the time on first take	0
always kiddo	0
i want andy to win! i would get on well with him i think	0
i feel you	0
now you know her true colour	2
yo ,  ya gotta do better .  t mobile out here giving out free pizza	2
yo ,  ya gotta do better .  t mobile out here giving out free pizza	4
dont tell me you finna try it	0
thank youuu	0
hug you mate	0
not even close thanks girl	0
not even close thanks girl	1
today is the last day of 3 games-a-day for 2 days .  .  .  .  . then we get 4 games for 2 days! v v v anyone having a cs treble ? 	0
i would expect my summer to be super fun but it just keeps getting more & more boring	1
only when its needed	0
forgot about love and hiphop	1
i wish	1
i know i do miss you tho bitch	1
proof  ?  or it didnt happen  .  just kidding i bet you did	0
i will	0
steph cant take it	0
sahoor ina bit .  .  what to eat ? 	0
such a good feeling when you turn on ac and it blows the fires of hell at you	0
i have spotted a pair of black sisters	0
waaaaaah meeting one of my fave fashion bloggers ,  lataaaaah!!! cant wait	0
yes yessss aww thank youuu	0
lol no .  ive been tanning	0
its crazy because i was just thinking about yo punk ass  ,  i miss you too	1
its crazy because i was just thinking about yo punk ass  ,  i miss you too	1
i love getting compliments on my eyebrows	0
im in love with mary jane .  shes my maaain thang .  she makes me feel alright .  she makes my heart sang . 	0
that bubble bath was just so great	0
crying works	0
woke up to see #fatassesbreaktheinternet is actually a thing ,  aye im not mad ,  all power to yall	0
thanks bro	0
omg well hopefully ill see you soon .  and thanks girllllll	0
omg well hopefully ill see you soon .  and thanks girllllll	1
im hungry .  and i ate like an hour ago . 	2
im hungry .  and i ate like an hour ago . 	4
rt you dont have it  ? 	1
i see	0
lifes goooooooood	0
thank you	0
its the bbc working hard for you not really id shut the thing down its a ripoff bias & jobs for the boys ! other than that	3
its the bbc working hard for you not really id shut the thing down its a ripoff bias & jobs for the boys ! other than that	5
youre magical	0
thank you so much cole love you and well hang out soon for sure	0
i miss my clothes	3
i miss my clothes	5
man the weekend needs to come sooner	1
you the one lying	0
youre so mean	1
today is a freakin awesome day!	0
looking forward to it	0
i dont recall none of that	0
i’m lyin’ down thinkin’ ’bout you	1
yeah .  i will follow you back . 	0
bout to rock out a new pair of shorts	0
no dont be sorry suprisingly it does actually ease it i just need it to die down enough for me to go to sleep	0
phone was tweakin	1
i wouldnt have been able to cope if we lost this one	0
thats ok then chick just wanted to check i know some people can be funny about their names	0
i swear i manage to fuck most things up with my thoughts as soon as im happy	1
ok bae coming into those dms	0
bye bye! good night	0
my back is killing me been too long since ive had a good massage .  the jacuzzi is calling me .  can i just leave ? 	1
do it when you have spare time .  life will become less stressful	0
its gonna be an incredibly nourishing event ,  with a line up that i cant wait to grace our stage	0
really hate him	1
shut up brandon	0
lol you and want to get me to show so my rest of life on twitter  , i will be called skid marks	0
what happened to kimoli ? 	1
when i was drinking stella artois and karen thought it was stella rosa	0
the gym is the best place to be on a friday night because there is no one here	0
dont take him away	1
gotta stop going to bed after 1am i hate it lmao	0
im about to be drunk asf tonight	1
lemme just take my ass to sleep	2
lemme just take my ass to sleep	4
oh its a thing ,  lol just awaiting the arrival of the victim	0
let me get at some	0
its almost july 1st	0
i love sleeping in just sheets	0
i got a nice little beard going right now ,  its a shame i have to shave it off later for work	1
ha ha .  . thats true i have to go to india then even then also u have to take off .  lol	0
ha ha .  . thats true i have to go to india then even then also u have to take off .  lol	0
the carolinas taking ls this year ,  clemson ,  unc ,  panthers ,  steph .  .  .  im sorry i brought the atl losing in the championship with me	1
yeah thanks me later	0
yeah thanks me later	0
missing alvaro	1
thats what im saying	1
omfgg love u crush	0
whats that for ? 	0
going home	1
tryna break you off sumn proper you know girl	2
well tbh .  .  im doing 3 and half day weeks .  .  so cant complain too much .  .  in bed by 4	0
oh you should have said!! ? 	0
i feel left out	1
you dont need to be a power ranger or a mutant ranger lil .  .  youre our hero .  . our savior .  .  our queen anyways love you	0
yeah  ,  yall should deliver	1
love is bullshit	0
flight delayed!	2
wtf i so insecure see tall guys around  .  .  like dude i wish i was a freaking 6 foot tall boy	1
lol cut it out .  zeus my son and you aint even know it . 	0
i want hot cheetos	1
"why do you need a second job" well cause shit i love money	0
ive been living a crazy ass lifestyle ,  i think its time i slow down and get closer with the only relationship i should focus on	0
here v go ,  the new tag #trolltamilnadumaovijay lets celebrate anna birth day . 	2
sendin prayers and positive thoughts your way . 	0
they are	0
so cuteeeee!!!	0
lol omgg ayee thank you thank i probably need that	0
yall listening to cyn ?  she couldnt keep my baby daddy faithful to her either  .  .  .  .  yall stupid #dipsbackout	0
yall listening to cyn ?  she couldnt keep my baby daddy faithful to her either  .  .  .  .  yall stupid #dipsbackout	1
can imagine mate .  but the important thing is youre in one piece	0
it’s definitely friday #onhere	0
oh god its vimto* and its basically soda but you usually see it at like african parties only soda i drink tbh	0
we can go for lots of walks	0
done with pretty little liars on netflix what to do now	1
we are at war! war against corruption ,  drugs and crimes .  war in mindanao!	2
we are at war! war against corruption ,  drugs and crimes .  war in mindanao!	5
you said it!!!!!  .  . and with jen ,  please	0
you said it!!!!!  .  . and with jen ,  please	0
summer has been lit so far	0
cant get the hair off my mind heat makes it hard to keep something on my head-like torture .  #alopecia	1
so how quickly were you fired after that ? 	0
totally beauts guys	0
shouldnt be happen this at school ,  please!	1
shout out to for driving us back when he only got 40 min of sleep .  & to top it off traffic was horribleee love…	0
hint .  it is not a name .  .  .  more like an object/brand	0
we here im never on twitter lol	1
bowling ,  i would have not been able to function .  as it is ,  i beat him . 	0
ive gone through at least 6 albums writing one paper	1
nooo! sad part is ive been finding white hairs in my head since i was 17 .  it had been a while since i found any . 	1
nooo! sad part is ive been finding white hairs in my head since i was 17 .  it had been a while since i found any . 	1
the fact im just seeing this twitter update	1
wow .  .  .  so happy to be home	2
wow .  .  .  so happy to be home	4
watching glastonbury is always depressing . 	1
has anyone ever rode down mulholland dr .  ?  that shit is no joke .  nothing but curves and cliffs	0
im staying in the bed and watching snapped all day today	0
hows my mum gonna bake a cake rn	1
knowing im not waking up to wesley in the morning does not make me a happy camper	2
we always love to keep our lovely customers up to date! dont worry the website is back up and running	0
#4ouqa will u both follow me x7	0
thats a me nd reek insider me always got a connection on sum lol	0
lmfaooooo look you just admitted that you wont still love me	0
so close to getting the special contact done !	0
just tryna vibe with somebody	1
although i accept the result ,  i fear for what the future holds #euref	1
how is it not confusing for viewers ?  real and reel #aldubebfathersday	1
thats ok then .  .  .  .  .  .  coz after thursdays out out .  .  .  .  im now in in on the lash	0
i burned boiled eggs .  .  .  yes boiled eggs .  the whole house smells so bad!	4
jesse williams dr .  avery!	0
love is in the air feel the polluted air beshies	0
love you	0
- idk you but you seem cool hmu	0
i want to be the next big thing with this account	0
its ya parade today n all but dominicans do it better	0
and no under 25 driver fees	0
only thing that be on my mind this late is s e x no bullshit tho	0
only thing that be on my mind this late is s e x no bullshit tho	1
saw 3 tall guys coming out of a two door mini cooper	0
mfs swear da nba rigged act like da warriors cant lose dey gettin out played shits not impossible	0
mfs swear da nba rigged act like da warriors cant lose dey gettin out played shits not impossible	1
mfs swear da nba rigged act like da warriors cant lose dey gettin out played shits not impossible	1
my hair appointment for 11 cant wait to see how this gone look	0
stop playing hard to get	2
is a he though	0
thank u	0
tu tonight yeeee finally	0
lets goooooo	4
me & jarvis was supposed to be packing lastnight but we ended up going to sleep	0
never said that you just got more money than me	2
never said that you just got more money than me	4
wow ,  ever feel so weighed down by events that you just want to cancel the day ?  im not leaving bed yet	1
wow ,  ever feel so weighed down by events that you just want to cancel the day ?  im not leaving bed yet	4
the prison of fame .  there is no freedom to have opinion ,  to speak ,  or act without repercussions from 1000s if not millions of ppl . 	1
that long haired handsome manly prince though .  .  .  .  #firstdatesabroad #swoon	0
nobody is really "yours  ,  its just basically your turn	2
nobody is really "yours  ,  its just basically your turn	4
chelsea you are a massive muppet what a fucking embarrassment #bbchelsea #bbuk #bigbrother	0
i dont know this person . 	1
im well .  thanks for asking .  and how about yourself ?  do you have the same cell number ?  ?  we have to reconnect my friend . 	0
why does physics have to be one of the last exams	2
not a good start to my day	1
well they have made their decision .  thats democracy .  all they need now is boris as prime minister	0
he has good taste in women	0
he has good taste in women	0
what can i get you to drink ?  ill have a jägerbomb right on!	3
my feet my back and my head!	1
going to chick fil a tomorrow!!	0
i cannot believe that i live less than 5 minutes from and we still havent hung out	1
you should be very proud of charlie as we certainly are	0
i cant believe messi missed the goal	2
congrats to you	0
on my way second round	0
when someone tells you the rpms on their old school chevy are high .  .  .  .  but they lyin xc i was about to cry and try…	1
was running late but somehow made it early af to work	3
chicha pops	0
how did i know you would comment on this ? 	0
all i hear when the game is on is "caaapowwww" and " and a block yahhhh" from my father	0
wtf did i do  ? 	0
i want food but from back home	1
you know ill do it	4
gonna scout the internet this weekend for some golden accessoires	5
got a massive headache and i just wanna sleep	1
amd radeon	0
damn i just see myself turning savage af by the day .  idk i just dont give af	0
no same ,  literally sweating	2
oh my bad for making you be a responsible adult	0
lol agreed	0
reason im so excited to turn 22	0
and so did your mom .  haha! so kulit naman you guys	0
heartbreaking news about christina #ripchristina	1
so we aint supposed to do instagram on these data bundles ?  ?  3 seconds on ig .  .  you have "already" used 70%	3
so we aint supposed to do instagram on these data bundles ?  ?  3 seconds on ig .  .  you have "already" used 70%	5
both wont be bad .  as they say ,  "have your cake and eat it too" . 	0
im gonna buy a lot of things over at florida	0
nam im a huge fan of the muffinz	0
dinner with dads side of the family tonight .  last time we did this was maybe a couple of years ago ? 	0
im feeling it right now .  sucks . 	1
im feeling it right now .  sucks . 	4
i miss you brudda	1
i choked	0
when he has ":face_blowing_a_kiss::two_hearts::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::face_savoring_food::tongue:" all in his recent emojis but you havent gotten them from him	0
when he has ":face_blowing_a_kiss::two_hearts::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::face_savoring_food::tongue:" all in his recent emojis but you havent gotten them from him	0
when he has ":face_blowing_a_kiss::two_hearts::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::face_savoring_food::tongue:" all in his recent emojis but you havent gotten them from him	0
zen and atom	0
omg youre right	0
you guys are awesome and deserve all the kind words	0
before you come and talk to me ,  respect my silence ,  watch your manners ,  watch your language .  .  .  #thankyou!!	2
want chance tickets sooooo bad	1
what if your dog one day just randomly said “nobody is going to believe you” and never spoke again . 	3
what if your dog one day just randomly said “nobody is going to believe you” and never spoke again . 	5
youve been here before ,  girl ,  remember these sheets  ? 	0
dont you fall for a nigga like me	2
dont you fall for a nigga like me	4
fuck this job	1
its always ugh work ugh school ugh my life like bitccch be happy tell a funny story say something nice nobody gaf about ur boring ass	0
your workout consists of you complaining that you cant workout i tried youre a baby	2
your workout consists of you complaining that you cant workout i tried youre a baby	4
fuckin mr . chow	1
you tryna get me in trouble up here	0
surgery tomorrow	0
exactly im in a whole class at that point in the day	0
i hit a squirrel on the way to work	1
im never playing that game again	2
im never playing that game again	4
whats the next hairstyle	1
thank you	0
we used to be the best of sisters ,  but youre cute text me i got things to tel you about oomf . 	0
the clases are all far away	1
the clases are all far away	4
its funnier because your saying "pal"	0
omg i see them in december but my seats r right at the back	1
al fin	0
why but i got football and stuff so thats why	1
shit ill him if you want me too	0
i dont even smoke no more but god knowsssssssss	1
telling me you dont	0
yessss i really need to dye my they just sitting in my room all new and untouched	0
yessss i really need to dye my they just sitting in my room all new and untouched	1
fuck around and be single forever	1
why do guys rarely post selfies or even just pics of themselves in general like come on	1
wings would be nice right now	0
okay so im trynna go night swimming	1
- i finally seen you last night after like 6 years didnt even know you liked to party	0
please dont i love you	1
i wish i got paid that much money to stand in front of a goal just to look like a prick! what a shit performance!! #euro2016 #eng	2
i wish i got paid that much money to stand in front of a goal just to look like a prick! what a shit performance!! #euro2016 #eng	1
feenin for noah	0
ayyyy ang sweet mo dear thank u somuchie done follow	0
ayyyy ang sweet mo dear thank u somuchie done follow	0
"dean v-line times infinity bad . "	0
literally sitting in this parking lot about to cry	1
payback time for this completely fubard yet again tonight it actually isnt believable any mor…	2
your annoyinnnnnnngggggggg .  i swear lol but you funny dab	2
your annoyinnnnnnngggggggg .  i swear lol but you funny dab	4
whos gonna save me when i need savin	1
when you thought you were getting a b in your class ,  but your prof gave you an a	0
hey you .  dont stop being awesome . 	0
gained so much appreciation for this (sub)specialty in just three days . 	0
blessed	0
making all these complaints while licking my sisters soup but thats besides the point	1
ooooo these guys	0
you should! you can never have enough i would surround myself with them if i could	0
today was fun ,  tomorrow night should be better	0
if u were a pie youd be a cutie pie	0
talk that hot shit shad	0
joey plz refollow me	1
todays trial made him appear non-violent . yet , aggressive . still showing no remorse when reevas dad was testifying	1
just made gin and tonic cupcakes for tomorrow	0
i hope that stressing out on something could help me lose some weight . 	1
got a lil alc in my system .  feeling good . 	0
leadership camp welldone	0
calvin harris is reportedly planning a break-up song about taylor swift ,  which might feature kanye west & rihanna .  htt…	3
jgh! kapoy but fun! thank you friends! love you	0
jgh! kapoy but fun! thank you friends! love you	0
so none of that ,  buts ok to restrict their movement by putting them on the nfl .  no evidence to arrest-put them on a secret list . 	0
a little .  .  . !	0
so jealous!! nowhere near sorted - holiday washing	1
congrats on graduating	0
like wtf ,  what yall gone steal ?  some food ?  we aint got shit valuable	0
like wtf ,  what yall gone steal ?  some food ?  we aint got shit valuable	1
thats you	0
you dropped yours! i didnt knock it out of your hands	1
i feel like ive done nothing this summer and i hate it	0
i just want to meet selena gomez	1
my big kid didnt even need me to walk him into camp today!	1
stripper all up on me ,  ion even gotta throw money	0
real life love you too	0
whats the secret to divinas identity ?  will it be revealed soon ?  #aldubtrueidentity oht ht…	5
everytime i try to be fair ,  feli loses a *complete fan mode on* everybody out of the way!!! #f1 #europeangp #fm19	3
everytime i try to be fair ,  feli loses a *complete fan mode on* everybody out of the way!!! #f1 #europeangp #fm19	5
everytime i try to be fair ,  feli loses a *complete fan mode on* everybody out of the way!!! #f1 #europeangp #fm19	2
everytime i try to be fair ,  feli loses a *complete fan mode on* everybody out of the way!!! #f1 #europeangp #fm19	5
so done with today ,  just not my day .  only 6 more hours ,  wooooo!	0
stressfree in cali	0
gotta be up in 6 hrs and im still awake	0
bro ,  im so hurt .  i dont have a single tan line .  i was deadass laying directly in the sun for hours	1
forever hoping	0
roro baby shower tomorrow  ,  i want to go so bad	1
good im glad youre in a better place now bud	0
the state people will become is actually so terrible may allah protect them in this time of ignorance ,  hypocrisy & lies	1
the state people will become is actually so terrible may allah protect them in this time of ignorance ,  hypocrisy & lies	5
bless .  good thing they never had to dance . 	0
you know it	0
im going to make you rewatch all of it next year	0
say you voted #tory will then #froth and tweet #toryblock and block you	0
i tol baby girl she aint no digger cause ion fw .  broke niggas either	0
we better seriously make it happen .  i miss the fuck outta you	2
we better seriously make it happen .  i miss the fuck outta you	4
eating big bag of maltesers my fave choc and they all for me .  so naughty pizza for lunch now chocolate .  oops	2
never write off the italians	0
hair done today tape up tommorow	0
[ot12 squad] -02/08/16 when tweeted me .  -maingay&onlinelahat era -@jinyoungderella -@zhngyxngly miss yall	0
[ot12 squad] -02/08/16 when tweeted me .  -maingay&onlinelahat era -@jinyoungderella -@zhngyxngly miss yall	0
need me a baddie	1
i didnt have tickets already ,  so i just bought the package	0
yes that face	0
lmao they had the wrong one today	0
1-8 today	0
that service game	0
harsh but fair	0
my family is actually fuckkng annoying and frustrating	2
my family is actually fuckkng annoying and frustrating	4
i hope you fall inlove with someone who always texts back and never lets you fall asleep thinking yourre unwanted .  #lessonlearned	1
or maybe neither .  thank you parents for planning a vacation on both dates after i was told i could go	0
nigga ? !	2
nigga ? !	4
someday i will go to omaha to see the college world series #bucketlist	0
you or the cakes ?  ? 	0
ha i just took this pic ,  and i dont leave the house without a choker on	0
true story	0
love when work is dead bc im getting paid to do nothing	0
thinking abt tonight after concert ,  i cant even smile now post-concert syndrome never depends on how many times you had…	3
thinking abt tonight after concert ,  i cant even smile now post-concert syndrome never depends on how many times you had…	5
i wanna die today but i gotta chill	1
saturday cant come quick enough .  few days off this island with the boy and new house shopping again	0
i bought my flat tummy tea for no reason nbs	1
froot loops are all the same flavor ,  just different colors . 	2
froot loops are all the same flavor ,  just different colors . 	4
lmfaoooooo thanks girl	0
lmfaoooooo thanks girl	0
yes .  its been quite a while since a full throttle rain in islamabad though .  normally itna ziada time nahi lagta . 	0
rip christina grimmie .  my thoughts go out to her brother ,  her family ,  her friends ,  and her fans . 	1
wth my messages arent delivering	2
wth my messages arent delivering	4
people be sleeping on keri	0
filal the only thing i love is the battle ropes . i wait for the upper body workout	0
do people not know how to use deodorant	4
all facts	1
if yall need something to do hmu	0
im sad because blichigo is hot but now hes just test tube testicles	1
kinda digging the black hair on me	2
ok im done being a fatty im gonna start my diet tomorrow	2
shouldve taken summer classes	1
conjuring 1 way scarier then conjuring 2 to me its to animated but the nun is scary af	1
conjuring 1 way scarier then conjuring 2 to me its to animated but the nun is scary af	5
dialog [standard] is up .  (unofficial) 2016-06-28 08:50:03 utc #bluemix	0
its driving me down that path as well should have watched love island	0
entitled little shit never went hungry when his dad died .  but he wants to end ss survivor benefits for others ? 	2
braids are complete	1
pulled up to my weedmans house and he instantly grabbed my dick and ass said i should be wearing underwear if i didnt wanna be	2
pulled up to my weedmans house and he instantly grabbed my dick and ass said i should be wearing underwear if i didnt wanna be	4
saint pablo dropped like a month and a half ago yall lackin	1
i just wanna lay down all day	1
my human anatomy book is $350	3
my human anatomy book is $350	5
come on belgium ,  i want to win the pool at work! i even had a belgian waffle in support today .  .  . on the first day of my new health kick	0
aprils sarcastic humor is the best	0
damn #mexico what a goal!!	3
damn #mexico what a goal!!	5
naturally . 	0
im so proud of how far ive come over the past 3 months	0
him say him wonna fill da basket him took	0
the key to my heart is through massages	0
you right lol  ,  ill make my way to your messages right now	0
i want some reeses and a slurpee	1
feel obliged to watch the football on behalf of jake as he cant coz hes at work	1
im rkoing you . 	2
im rkoing you . 	4
costa rica getting booked for time wasting .  .  . this is my shocked face yet for once i dont mind .  .  .  #crcvcol #copa100	0
i have to wait til next month! xx	1
wah ,  seems like these guys are taking their anger out in chris .  #tanglinch5	2
hi "rosss voice"	3
forever a loner	0
nah nah nah that was the sloppiest game of beer pong ive ever played in my life dude !	1
lets talk about 2 albums of the yr	0
"links vagina bones followed you"	3
"links vagina bones followed you"	5
dont force nobody to be around wanna leave let em .  . 	0
i just heard one of my aunts call t . i .  "tie" multiple times	0
hi sorry ,  ive been absent my cellphone broke down ,  but now its okay los you all . 	0
i was watching ball while bae was throwing that back but my boys going all the way #warriors	4
if you have a possibility of not graduating can you still go to the grad breakfast #fml #sooverassignments	0
how do i fix my neck ?  got a stiff neck	1
for my first car i really want a jeep	0
i am possibly one of the ugliest sleepers ever	0
whyyy like whyyyyyyy fruity sooo nasty	0
i love you too bby ,  n im waiting on it	0
he killed her	3
he killed her	5
#gluday got the out	1
so is there no way i can go to the watch party tomorrow	1
really	1
he is just a waste of time ahahaha	0
been away from my baby for almost four days now	1
and this is why i love thot7 .  we all agree that the fact that he got a tattoo is whatever ,  were more upset with the actual quality of it . 	0
i forgive but i dont forget	0
i want free tickets omg im trying guys #tlgonedge x78	0
i havent talked to my baby all day i miss him  . 	1
im coming to you now me and shi	0
im 1 , 060 . 0 miles away from my best friend for 2 weeks	1
its so crazy how many guys looked at me today	0
let me know when she does! ill be there faster than you can say arroz y frijoles	1
when your mum is round for dinner and she voted to leave!! dinner was a bit awks to say the least	3
when your mum is round for dinner and she voted to leave!! dinner was a bit awks to say the least	5
we ready for them districts	0
the whole of the westminster is a circus right now . 	3
the whole of the westminster is a circus right now . 	5
yeah tell sam that my kid will be turning 1 when everyone else is on their 2nd or 3rd child	0
patiently waiting to see if all my florida followers on here and ig are ok	1
73-9 dont mean a thing without the ring	0
see ya tomorrow stem a ,  b & c and he	0
omfg follows me!	5
i miss we need a girls day whenever im off	1
my netflix keeps messing up	1
// super cool guy ,  weve talked like a handful of times but i like you even tho you broke my heart and said you wouldnt adopt me	0
it been #1monthsincegwtmanila & "amayobeybi" ? ! & me shouting "yes you are my baby" #blalittlemix htt…	0
hope i get 1 of these 3 jobs this week cuz im so over this 3-1:30 shit	1
i love your voice .  youre so pretty . i like you	0
so im running a 200m at the weekend	0
i feel like the worst person ever .  .  . 	1
im better with words than art	0
this nigha shooting from near 1/2 court consistently .  .  .  how thee fuck you guard that ? !	3
this nigha shooting from near 1/2 court consistently .  .  .  how thee fuck you guard that ? !	5
franzia and warriors game tonight #game7	0
single or not ,  everyone needs a #happyplace a perfectly painted picture and my new "ohh yeah .  . " lazy summer tune .  cheers!	0
right ,  im going to do 25 mph this year	1
his remains	1
haha i love you!	0
clever girl - smart answer	0
so many "photographers" hanging out at markets what are you really doing taking pictures of me ? 	0
barrett went downstairs to wrap kaydens presents and came back up 10 minutes later and said "i need help idk how to do this"	0
so dookie on the phone with some bitch while i keep refreshing all my social networks	1
omg thank you authornim!!!!	3
omg thank you authornim!!!!	5
desperate to go to cali	0
so that means i dont get a dm now	1
whats funny is the only person i personally know in gen jag is a hipster my age . 	0
- pretty girl - arsenal/barca fan ?  followed you few days ago hahah - havent talked yet but you seem like a nice person so helloo	0
q raiva	4
yep! if you want it	0
yall have a blessed	0
new york . 	0
lmao everybody always think im lying about something	0
im not turning on the ac at my house rn ,  only during the nights  .  its torture	1
he should perform sorry not sorry	0
-kobe -need to meet -baller -handsome papi -lcl/cc	0
jimmy johns is ass .  thats the bottom of the totem pole of places to get subs	4
thank you fake ass	0
chilllllll	0
you shut up	2
you shut up	4
i cant with a inconsistent ass boy . 	2
i got so many cute stuff today	0
the fact that he know the words	0
all of yall are my inspiration! #fazeup #apexisnotshort #lifechangers	0
i thought i could be cool	1
im too good for that ,  just remember that	0
not everyone has to like you ,  not everyone has good taste .  .  . 	0
fucked up my thumb at a football camp in too much pain to sleep . 	2
people love your nipples wow you may have nice nipples	0
ohhhhh that was sneaky by the bench  ,  i was confused what this hadda do with her	1
come to ri	0
tre the only person on my timeline	0
the person im talking is supposedly my "friend " but we will see how it goes	1
happy birthday bro always been proud of everything youve done as a brother and as a individual im going to miss you	1
idk why im up either	1
thank you:red_heart:️:smiling_face:️ happy birthday once again!	0
niggas dont be having no picks pregnant & all	1
shit fam you aint have to go that deep aii	1
youre welcome	0
ellen this is so cute you look so small next to him	0
welcomes	0
i just won 200$  ,  grill money	2
i just won 200$  ,  grill money	5
oomf was looking so fine today	0
crusty ? ! ? ! but no .  .  .  no crusty or	0
crusty ? ! ? ! but no .  .  .  no crusty or	1
hopefully no more unless its child birth!!!	0
its odia version would be janma dina ra shuvecha	0
congrats ,  elize!	0
kill i just noticed all his exes everywhere around me	0
as the warriors take a 3-1 lead	0
hate you for taking all my hats	2
hate you for taking all my hats	4
dont forget tour rehearsal tomorrow! other key saturday 2nd july and evening performance 7th july #countdown #18days #excited	0
tell everybody else	0
mine is almost gone already	0
you are my hero	1
i know tell me about it and yeah im down	0
i know tell me about it and yeah im down	1
will be from now on bro they used to call me gary 3 tubes ,  not anymore	0
will be from now on bro they used to call me gary 3 tubes ,  not anymore	0
i dont know why she act different but when a nigga gone she gone miss me	0
lookin at & on snapchat they have a cute and fly relationship ,  hes a real man when it comes to her	0
im glad michaels coming home today	0
why them emojis ?  you tho	0
my princess has her first gymnastic class tomorrow! im so excited!! now she wants to cheer	2
my princess has her first gymnastic class tomorrow! im so excited!! now she wants to cheer	4
thats really nice to hear ed! great photos too!!	0
perrette not talking to me	1
i told him i never front ,  & then i threw that ass backkkkk	0
up late watching the podcast ,  sending love to you all . 	1
could certainly do with some!	1
ill still wear it no doubt	0
nah i was salty wit the shorts on	0
moving in silence	0
music zine workshop is about to start in the workshop space at 13:15 totally free of charge	0
dealing with drop-outs on a daily basis makes me forever grateful my parents pushed me to do my best and take my future seriously	0
fuck it ,  im asking out my english teacher	0
its kinda sad when ppl wont say how they feel .  .  . 	2
its kinda sad when ppl wont say how they feel .  .  . 	4
you a lie	0
50 60 se humy b nawaaz do	1
aint nun  .  .  i think	0
didnt say it would keep em  .  .  .  just bring them in! no cash back for you!	0
im just horny and lonely	1
i never won from you	1
i figured that but i was being optimistic	0
v wrong	2
v wrong	4
i am so sorry about yesterday .  we will make plans sometime this summer! also i cant wait to see you in hallways next year	0
i am so sorry about yesterday .  we will make plans sometime this summer! also i cant wait to see you in hallways next year	0
hadnt watched one of those sessions for years .  .  . the brown nosing made me nauseous .  that brewery paean particularly	4
i love you too & i miss you too lor kid	0
gonna be working all day	1
gtfo	0
right	0
i hope you enjoy your day too julian!	0
sows	0
&&&& i wanna see if i should get mine	0
now i want nuggets . 	1
lmaoo you stupid thank you preston!!	0
lmaoo you stupid thank you preston!!	0
that tweet though	4
just got done working my 13th day straight .  no one can understand how tired i am 4 more to go	0
sleep sleep well	0
sleep sleep well	0
brooo every day too sometimes more than one	0
fendis resort collection is	0
this is the last game of the season i hope it goes into overtime . 	1
when you would bust out your caprisun juices in hs	0
thank you!	0
i got my business up , now i just dont give a fuck	2
i left	0
oh my	1
youre already going to hell you sket	0
when its pay day but that direct deposit didnt hit	1
i have really missed spinach and broccoli .  i am off high potassium restriction . 	0
why he wash gucci like that ok ok i might have to check him out fr	1
to heaven	0
oh well	1
dont forget to study too	0
the majority aye lol! ive got high hopes for this one!	0
real right yeah	0
watching got season finale again shivers everytime .  #gameofthrones #gotfinale	5
freddy vs jason	0
asking for too much	0
july 2nd  ,  is lul li day	0
bbc reporter:have you ever taken a bribe before ?  no pressdoo .  . you see say udey lie ?  im bringing the facts . 	2
bbc reporter:have you ever taken a bribe before ?  no pressdoo .  . you see say udey lie ?  im bringing the facts . 	5
d-d-d-damn	0
protein build muscle .  books build smart mind .  #iamlexgotti #fitness	0
hate a person who start shit up but hide they hand once they get confronted	1
i also would drop someone faster than a hot potato in july if they didnt like my family or vice versa	0
weekends without my man arent the same	1
haha well atleast i realised that you are all talented singers .  .  .  bgt next year i reckon!	0
indeed	0
car rides make me sooo sleepy	1
all i want you to do is be loyal to me thats all i ask for	1
90 mins of my life i wont get back!	1
they say im mean but idc dont eat my sht . 	2
they say im mean but idc dont eat my sht . 	4
love you too ,  let me come back from the dead	0
ahaha im always spoiled on twitter	0
& i need my eyebrows done	2
& i need my eyebrows done	4
i really miss my grandmother ,  gosh . 	1
i really wanted the other part of that clip where hes like ,  yeah we all know you had a good time frank . 	0
any bitch that thinks they have to have they "babydaddy" in they childs life is pathetic i swear ill act like my child is not even kin	2
any bitch that thinks they have to have they "babydaddy" in they childs life is pathetic i swear ill act like my child is not even kin	4
now i want tacos	0
jaiden is crying because i dont like watching movies and she just cant understand why	0
welcome back from vegas	0
im so fucking pissed .  things like this make me hate the navy . 	2
i dont think they actually shot the scene before they changed it ,  just reversed how it was originally going to go .  so awful	1
#reasonswhyilovemyself i dont	0
i touched those cockroaches only twice the whole summer .  still terrified .  so cake is cake	0
if youre 22 why do i even need to tell you to throw out pizza boxes with pizza from 2 days ago and to close the door when you leave ? !	4
on ft	0
lor i love u	0
tonight makes me want to live here even more now	0
true we been boolin for years now	0
why do i do this to my body	4
thinking about first semester with makes me sad	1
me encanta shake it off	0
oh damn finna text u	1
bring your mother with plastic cover amputa	0
ive had such a stressful day talk to me imy #callmeseb x72	1
if you dont snap me back in 10 seconds i will never talk to you again . 	0
bitch im sacked up bitch im racked up	0
this boy told me he know not to text me everyday cause he know how i am	0
i dont use my room for anything else but to sleep in .  .  .  . but its the messy room in the house .  cleaning tomorrow	0
coty clarke =	0
why is it so hard to be happy ? 	1
zone 1 & 4 is the westside bra you too country	0
sociology exam went better than i expected	0
that header	0
everytime i watch selena ,  my hoe ass shed a tear or that song be hitting me at heart	1
ive been watching that gif for a minute cause its so cute and relaxing .  thanks bud ,  i can now conquer anyting	2
i needa talk to you	1
happy big your more real than friends ive had for years and i just met you , i appreciate enjo…	0
no worries! i bought some a year ago and was suddenly like aah what am i doing ? !	0
awwww you guyzzzz	0
nk teme awk	1
game of thrones!! when u dont think it can get any better it does!! unbelievable!! #gameofthornes #seasonsix #episodeten	5
mmm yeah ,  why demi why	0
cool one time .  the coffee .  did the opposite lol it put me back to sleep	0
felt good not having my face beat today but back to it until friday	1
but i be so ready to cut people off once they annoy me	1
joes crab shack	0
lots of time for rest next week	0
samsung galaxy note isnt working ,  bat ganon	1
i dunno if i can	0
damn . 	1
i wish i had one friend i could tell everything and anything too	1
are you the type of person upon arriving home from grocery shopping ,  you put the beer away first ?  ? 	0
hates that saying because it basically doesnt make much sense	0
just got in trouble by the police for my subs being too loud	0
frosted flakes sound so good	1
missing someone is the worst	1
if someone took me to the great barrier reef in australia i would	0
if someone took me to the great barrier reef in australia i would	1
 .  .  .  up for you .  hope youve had a good day .  xxx	0
great stuff .  maximum of the q/fs then	0
so you so be on a corner	0
youve been waiting for the r + j reveal for too many seasons mate its unhealthy	0
"the harder you slam a ball to the ground ,  the higher its gonna bounce back up . "	0
when i come get my shit it better add up	0
havent talked to my baby at all today	1
i am thankful for having her walahii i love her endlessly youre way too pretty to be sad cheer up bae	0
we solid at but you know that already	0
at the end of the summer im gonna get my hair done ,  nails done ,  pedicure .  .  . ready for junior year .  but for now ,  gotta work	0
i had to boss up for a check	0
girls who pretend to be gay but when its time to eat they aint with the	0
nigga ik you playin witcho sensitive ass!	0
i think so too	0
finally getting some rain	0
i have no idea what youre talking about ? 	0
thank you for existing and making me happy	0
the cask of amontillado	0
starving .  lets see what westport has to offer me	0
okay	0
lol im probably going in 4 mins lol! jk im trying to go for halloween! haha yeah she sounds slutty	0
lmao i listen to chief keef when i work out	0
youre so pretty! i cant wait to come home to see you!	1
what are you going to do today ? 	0
fur slides out this friday	0
ikr i miss them shits too	1
i miss my high school sleep schedule	1
i completely dropped the spliff  .  .  .  like its still sitting on the ground i know nobody cheating on me tho	0
sorry im not as cool as jb	1
my man !!	1
i love fries i know it was worth it im mad you aint share	0
i love fries i know it was worth it im mad you aint share	0
no gala wt tf tonight sad	2
no gala wt tf tonight sad	4
she said she tired of all the lies and all the crying she want a savage like me	0
d8 some1 who shamelessly r8s ur burps #keeper	0
thats you bro lol	0
i hope i can give you the gift of awesome photographs one day .  xx	0
i just wanna find somebody i can rock wit spend all my summer days wit coolan	0
i just wanna find somebody i can rock wit spend all my summer days wit coolan	0
christhia spammed me wt likes be like her such a good mutual	0
everyone is yet again overlooking kanté s performance	1
happy iftar	0
but then again its 2 ,  cause her pussy stank i heard	1
you a dumb bitch	0
i said i wasnt gou to eat all this food but then i did	1
all i can do is pray .  . 	1
bitch thats wrong	0
thank you for the follow	0
ive got on of your 360 high chairs! and the wording is coming of  ?  not impressed do you do replacements for it ? 	1
i swear yall use to say wit each other yall two  ,  marcus  ,  zay  ,  anthony  ,  &&	0
i swear yall use to say wit each other yall two  ,  marcus  ,  zay  ,  anthony  ,  &&	1
lemme guess who is who	0
actually no we can discuss july	0
had a dream that i was choking on the ground b/c she was messing with a scrub thats how you know i love her	0
such a wonderful tonight sweetmares everybody!	0
beautiful	0
im having withdraws and i just saw you today we need a girls night soon	1
there has been so many accidents lately .  .  be careful and safe and keep your eyes on the road when youre driving . 	1
thank you for making me a better person you bring so much love & positivity into my please follow x12 , 341	0
thank you for making me a better person you bring so much love & positivity into my please follow x12 , 341	0
hey there emotions .  lets calm down . 	1
it literally hurts me when people say "im not that religious" .  like the world is coming to an end & youre not close to jesus  ?  #sadcase	1
you get it how you live	0
i been slipping	1
girl same .  and its making me feel so stressed out . 	1
so see yall in golden state for game 7 . 	1
thank you	0
luh ,  like like man ka ? 	2
luh ,  like like man ka ? 	4
so if he a dog  ,  im a dog  .  you tried to play me but the jokes on you	2
youre never warm	0
hey can you follow me	1
i wanna go on a little picnic date #wishfulthinking	0
he act just like him omg scary	0
tired . 	1
even though joe never comes through ,  ill bring a bottle for him tonight	2
even though joe never comes through ,  ill bring a bottle for him tonight	4
i hope you d know what im talking about so that you can also become a friend tht i could talk to	0
i cant wait to see lewandowski playing against his bayerns partners in tonights game #gerpol	0
it sure is! ah	0
i always ft my mom when shes at work and she gets so mad	0
lmao thats not about you its about that sam dude	0
go away	1
i think my friend catherine might want to go to france with me	0
nawfr	0
u have a prob with meh height ? 	0
i cannot call you monkey man .  it just doesnt have the same ring to it as wolfman hope youre well . 	0
of course	0
just eating my cereal and minding my business	0
im gonna marry a jewish girl and love her with all my imma gonna put pictures of hitter in her birthday cards though to show my love	0
hate how kylie and kendall made their bathing suits so expensive considering theyre already fucking swimming in money	0
bout to screenshot now	0
wish i was w bae	1
fuckin kayla	0
omg handsome little guy!	0
omg handsome little guy!	5
lmao ,  i thought for once you were in agreeance with something i said ,  but nah .  wishful thinking	1
ohhh okay i hope so	2
ohhh okay i hope so	5
im gonna try trying to rally a squad	1
you just mess w the wrong ones i guess idk hella people are shitty tho	0
look at mary jane brother	0
cant wait till school shoppin always lit ,  gon be even better this year	0
thankyyy!	0
kingina active now!	1
chocolate chip ice cream &gt ; 	0
im really sad to hear this #ripchristina	1
who up  ? 	0
who needs a guy when you have your best friend texting you cute paragraphs	0
i need to go shopping	1
i dont like seeing conte and lvg being mentioned in the same tweet .  dont kill my vibe pls	4
me too	0
yes please	1
i only really see my one godmother now .  ive just tweeted iveta as ive just remembered its her birthday	0
gayshit	0
its not for you . 	0
yall really expect us to believe the cavs beat the 73-9 warriors 3 games in a row ?  ha . 	0
hey daddy	0
such heartbreaking news	1
extremely blessed . 	0
holy cow just followed me! hiiii can you magically move up the german release date ?  thatd be swell cant wait!	0
- i miss you so much ugh youre my girlfriend & lets hang out soon !	0
- i miss you so much ugh youre my girlfriend & lets hang out soon !	0
- i miss you so much ugh youre my girlfriend & lets hang out soon !	0
- i miss you so much ugh youre my girlfriend & lets hang out soon !	1
when he text you to wake up but you been up  .  .  .  ill wait until 11 to text back	0
u been following me for a grip u shoulda been known	1
you cant take him away from the female he inlove wit	0
working graveyard by yourself means theres no one to take the phone from you while you shit	1
this is really cool shit pro the astral projection	3
my friends make the most beautiful babies	0
why twitter avis gotta be so blurry	2
why twitter avis gotta be so blurry	4
slept thru the last part of nysm2 whyyyy	1
oh nooo	0
2 tats in one day aww shit low key bout to be tatted up	0
2 tats in one day aww shit low key bout to be tatted up	0
2 tats in one day aww shit low key bout to be tatted up	1
a moment in my tummy .  a lifetime in my heart .  3 more months my little boy and we can finally hold you #25weeks #reign #kobinikolai	0
a moment in my tummy .  a lifetime in my heart .  3 more months my little boy and we can finally hold you #25weeks #reign #kobinikolai	1
every time i skip breakfast i just tell myself im intermittent fasting	0
lmfao my 16 yrs old cousin just got a brand new car ,  he so happy .  .  like this nigga is literally outside rn cleaning his windows	0
dropping her single =:heavy_check_mark:️ now time to wait for to release her ep	0
"dont worry about me im sure you have some socrates to read"	0
"dont worry about me im sure you have some socrates to read"	3
i feel like i have nothing to blog about at the moment & i keep doing the same things over and over again .  i feel so uninspired #blogger	1
im the only one his dick can get hard for	0
wanna be relevant so bad bitch go drink bleach	0
with toes as long as those youve nothing to worry about	3
remember me ?  ? 	0
bring me some	0
showing how salads have just been beat by #supergrainsalad boxers troubles #nutrition	0
i hate to say this but i have to retire the pat-ron it just dont do the job for me it was fun while it lasted #1738 my new bae	0
i hate to say this but i have to retire the pat-ron it just dont do the job for me it was fun while it lasted #1738 my new bae	1
now i know i didnt put no sign after that .  . 	2
now i know i didnt put no sign after that .  . 	4
so relieved ive finished my exams	0
why am i awake again ? 	2
a cockroach just crawled over my foot ,  and the waitress said ,  "just kick it out the door on yo way out"	0
when someone hangs up on you like youre gonna call them back	0
im sitting here thinking the same thing	1
using rubber-coated weights is a gateway to crossfit . 	3
using rubber-coated weights is a gateway to crossfit . 	5
at the end of the day it still you	0
make it a new marple and itd be the highlight of my week too! genuinely exciting stuff	0
im so hurt by this .  so so hurt	1
ill be there "soon"	0
youre welcome	0
aw me tooo babe lets hang out next week	1
or maybe a huge shopping spree ,  idk what to do with my life	1
yeah! i should be there! my brothers been going with me  ,  so weve been going hard core	0
this is so cute babe ily	0
right they was in they bag	0
y tou bx shurwat h (aj k test ki)	0
nigga why you talking shit fat or not you still fucked her	0
nigga why you talking shit fat or not you still fucked her	2
nigga why you talking shit fat or not you still fucked her	4
tweet pa more road to 1m #alduballmylife	0
no im just not gunna be able to sleep for a couple days ,  or for that matter pee alone . 	0
i hate thunderstorms	1
they even built a tent outside the stadium	1
its moms bday today	2
its moms bday today	5
you know boy gunna be a messy one	0
loud music gives me life i love it	0
too bad there was nobody on base but well take it	0
i dont really like hook	0
i love olives	0
i need more friends that like to do shit .  .  i be bored	0
im sorry .  kinda	0
candyman still low key scary to me .  i dont know why im watching it by myself . #chillertbt	0
i love when i fall asleep on someone ,  && wake up w/ a bunch of text saying get up	0
if you ever catch me at a party .  .  . finesse that lap dance from me	0
those beasts	5
oomfs could get it	0
we are also having our meeting tomorrow but are a different diamond chapter dont want the right one missing out	1
i love her mang	1
fill my socks moment .  acting portion of my blue man group audition .  too nervous and they noticed . 	4
college reopens today! final year!	0
im full of resentment	1
all is well ,  thank you .  headed out for a day of hiking .  have an awesome & blessed day	0
she was like come on momma you have to go to sleep w/ me	0
omg i love it	0
having trust issues that shit really aint no joke	1
i hope you had a great day and don´t worry you know i´m older  .  .  .  well now we have the same age but it won´t last much	0
i hope you had a great day and don´t worry you know i´m older  .  .  .  well now we have the same age but it won´t last much	0
i hope you had a great day and don´t worry you know i´m older  .  .  .  well now we have the same age but it won´t last much	2
i hope you had a great day and don´t worry you know i´m older  .  .  .  well now we have the same age but it won´t last much	1
i hope you had a great day and don´t worry you know i´m older  .  .  .  well now we have the same age but it won´t last much	1
crash bros	0
fathers day again another day of being incomplete . 	1
fathers day again another day of being incomplete . 	1
i started this show on netflix that i actually like .  .  it got cancelled after the first season .  wtf . 	2
i started this show on netflix that i actually like .  .  it got cancelled after the first season .  wtf . 	4
went for a good hair wash and blow dry! came out from the salon and it rains like shit! #paisawaste	1
omg! im on cloud 9!! thank you for this awesome sauce team!!! #dubaidiaries	0
secretary	5
thank you so much	0
can i just go back to bed please ? 	1
amazing love it !!!	0
niggas ungrateful bruh you gotta be a bitch  . 	1
i should move to bots	2
i should move to bots	4
no longer at ca	0
im tired	2
im tired	4
i does go by myself	0
always trying to find out some tea but umm yeah me too	0
i have 3 ,  1 for me and 2 for just in case .  #conmanseries	0
get drunk and go to sleep story of my life!	1
i think im starting to get separation anxiety from everyone at home now	1
my cousin lives in ok now ,  but theyre giants fans represent!	1
in a sense but it sounds like a sentence instead of a movie title to me	0
lawo reh	0
oh hello 2:1 ,  im grad scheme ready!	0
block	2
block	4
embrace it ,  lance even bears get out the clippers from time to time . 	0
niggas favorite rappers hardly even be rhyming .  them niggas b taking xans n doing slam poetry	0
i dislike change . 	1
how to make laba when its raining ?  ?  ? 	2
how to make laba when its raining ?  ?  ? 	4
so close yet so far! really wanted to do this one but i do still have citadel .  .  .  enjoy!	0
pa like like nalang ahh	0
aweee thanks homie	0
i miss you . 	1
nyx is all i use with a few random drugstore brands try black radiances face primer ,  it works wonders	0
its like i wanna be apart of that life .  .  then i dont .  .  .  ughhh *sighs*	2
its like i wanna be apart of that life .  .  then i dont .  .  .  ughhh *sighs*	4
these refs	2
it has o bros .  your prayers are answered . 	0
tomorrows gonna be a great ass day	0
whats too many ? 	0
super blessed	0
happy birthday beautiful! love you girl have a great day	0
bro i can not sleep bc my lil sister over here still up all on the mfn phone ,  shit .  its almost 6am she pissin me tf off	4
yes this is you! janelle im not drinking tonight i promise 4 hours later janelle *dancing*	0
yes this is you! janelle im not drinking tonight i promise 4 hours later janelle *dancing*	1
thannnnkssss	0
3 day weekend for the fourth of july	0
nothing beats g in concert	0
i voted for tyler posey	0
im okay	0
first kiss ,  first love ,  hormones 1 , 2 , 3  ,  love sick .  thai movie . 	0
thanks bbg love you	0
thank you	2
thank you	5
hello ,  im front! #lul	0
youre doing it for them and their pals	0
got the best gift this morning watching karter kick her moms stomach already insanely in love .  and i thought i was crazy for her mom	0
yeay goal dah .  .  thank you belgium ,  im smiling	0
good grief .  2 losses for -1 . 5u .  updated total .  might delete twitter #gamblerau #picks	1
adn!! bigay kayo example ng linear equation in real life! #aldub11thmonthsary	1
anyone else think this is funny ?  the internet makes everything funny	0
i was feeling down and upset w life but then i realized i was just hungry	0
bout to get ready to watch this e3 live stream	4
need a date for finding dory	1
"using her words" during interview .  audio for loyal "before they get pull me out of here . " #mtp	2
i was tryna help you & you a virgin ?  no i made that ass phat	0
i was tryna help you & you a virgin ?  no i made that ass phat	0
oil of milk smh	0
and hades	5
this last weekend was one of the best weekends ever ,  i had so much fun thursday ,  friday ,  and saturday haha this is gonna be a fun summer!	0
geeked	0
dont flex	0
geeez ,  students needs to have a 90% grade to become a honor student that is not easy for everyone . 	1
i wanna go to dallas this weekend but i dont wanna drive . 	1
idc still funny	0
genial \o/	0
tonsils will be the first to go	0
cool	0
that subway should hold you over	0
late stream tonight ,  probably playing some battlefield bad company 2	0
im officially tan as fuck	0
turning my phone on dnd for rest of the day  .  mfcas then irritated my soul  ,  already	4
in tears	0
im not even suppose to be dancing rn since i hurt my knee  .  .  .  .  but its tempting	0
i could really use some cuddling	2
i could really use some cuddling	4
i eat alone by choice , if i wanted to take 20 different chicks on a date i could just remember that , back to being humble!	0
i eat alone by choice , if i wanted to take 20 different chicks on a date i could just remember that , back to being humble!	0
i requested to have my grandpas birthday off and they denied it	1
sorry	0
saying that when ya head was between my legs but cool bye bralen	0
austin u have five seconds to stop	1
lmao right .  it be like that sometimes	0
twin twin  ,  i love you & i had fun throwing that with you saturday	0
havent had my debit card in a month now regions is slipping hard ,  my list of things to buy is starting to scare me tho	0
im going to be that woman thats a bridesmaid or maid of honor a million times and never has a wedding of her own	1
im going to be that woman thats a bridesmaid or maid of honor a million times and never has a wedding of her own	5
i believe you just made my day	0
i love u veere tusi vi producer bnjo #diljitdosanjhfims	0
ilysm i miss you! i havent seen you in awhile	1
usne to kaha - tere waste	0
dad commentary on england pt "woeful" hes given up on sentences ,  lost the will #engslo	0
having talks with god are always the best	0
i love it here but i miss and	1
next saturday thanks chrissy!! hope you do too	0
really wanna go to basement party tomorrow but im so sick and have no voice great album max!!	1
good morning everyone .  hope you all had a great weekend .  time to detox n get back to good health . 	0
really need my nails doing so gross	1
awe i wish i was in seattle so i can go to the gay pride parade with jeffrey	1
we love your quote about creativity	0
my car is so dirty	1
cant receive any text messages	1
now i gotta work up the energy to drive	1
one request from a fan who loves you likee crazy:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: ,  please have a show in india . 	0
- mutual / demi / justin / 10 / 7	0
thought he was fighting brand ?  too many names get threw about hope the kov fight happens someday	0
i want some tacos	0
when everyone says im so easy to shop for	1
follow back hun	0
cause im not sleepy and secondly you know im not talking to anybody ,  dont nobody love me	0
cause im not sleepy and secondly you know im not talking to anybody ,  dont nobody love me	1
was it not good ? ! i was gonna go see it sometime this week ive been so excited!	1
so ready for him to be in texas for good . 	0
lost our streak with my best friend . 	1
acting these past couple episodes getting me in the feels #pllchat	1
i dont remember that .  .  .  cant be true	1
so ready for the weekend	0
u know who does!	0
im really ready for pll to come back on	1
and i lift my hand and pray	0
im still waiting for them to announce parahoy 3	0
i know something great is going to happen in my life very soon!!!	0
i know cute & sexy at the same time = lethal combo	0
thankyou tasha	0
ill have to try it out .  there is one where i live so i guess i came in luck	0
facebook is crazy everybody just need to mind they business period	0
behind the scene just	1
behind the scene just	5
he said he never had a lady like me	0
whet did i got myself into . 	1
3-6 is a big gap whats it on ? 	0
#boneheads want more b&b romantic .  .  kisses .  .  snuggle & family moments #bones s12 h…	0
"come put that on a real nigga"	0
"come put that on a real nigga"	2
"come put that on a real nigga"	1
"come put that on a real nigga"	1
"come put that on a real nigga"	0
happy birthday booboo tu	0
i cant wait to buy new shoes	0
i just need to lose my little tummy and ill be happy	1
just making it in dallas	1
plotting on my next tatt	0
thank you tarila	0
i jus wanna lay down no get my dreads played in!	2
i jus wanna lay down no get my dreads played in!	4
wow i missed the grand opening tonight	1
try ben & jerrys .  .  .  .  theyre always soft & delicious .  my fav	0
nothing feels good if im not w/ you	1
this instructor on oitnb is so damn fine	0
thanks babygirl! be safe this summer! we need to kick it when i come back	0
oh my gosh i love this! its just like the sign wow how did u do this id love this in my room haha	0
look like i got to learn spanish shouldve learn it in high school	0
look like i got to learn spanish shouldve learn it in high school	1
girl should feel lucky if hide showed interest hide could get anyone he wants	2
girl should feel lucky if hide showed interest hide could get anyone he wants	4
that means i won	0
just bcuz youre not satisfied with how she does stuffs poor kid	0
peep my header	0
as long as there will be kisses .  chocolate kisses	0
men with babies &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; &gt ;  see ya	0
i drive so much now that i dont work close to my house	1
i know!!! the last year and a half have flown by	0
i hope i will have a blast yes pls  ?  kelan off niyo  ? 	0
btw syria is not in europe	5
lemme rephrase that .  dont think ive ever been excited for a basketball game .  period .  like im feelin it inside . 	0
please let kevin durant come to the celtics	1
dominos sounds so dank rn	1
eth take me with you in argentina is almost winter ,  im literally freezing save me eth	3
eth take me with you in argentina is almost winter ,  im literally freezing save me eth	5
yes i will	0
only 7 miles from my house	2
me and lost our streak	1
my nose was bleeding for literally over a hour	0
you need to stop youre perfect	0
ive literally been studying for like 2hrs	1
okay good	0
i miss my boys	1
well thats something im gonna take into grave now . 	0
haha thanks! i cant wait for my turn	0
accurate	0
can you please unlock my snap chat account i have asked you a number or times and you havent im begging please	1
can you please unlock my snap chat account i have asked you a number or times and you havent im begging please	5
i miss you to babe	1
now that my cousin isnt coming over im gonna be extra bored	1
that charger blade drives though!!	0
lol nobody has ever called my sister up just tell her how he feels about me	1
i literally cant .  . 	1
so emosh reading that love you	0
so emosh reading that love you	1
guys iam here at mexico know idk what to eat i already ate sopes they were bad ass	0
guys iam here at mexico know idk what to eat i already ate sopes they were bad ass	5
i had dirty thoughts too when reading that .  .  .  . but it made sense .  .  . 	0
when youre served by a trainee and their trainer and they get the order wrong .  missing items malden	2
aw ,  sucks	0
weak ass going off on snapchat huh ? 	0
oh modric	1
with a smile	0
you did and thanks	0
i stay sending passion random pics and videos	0
i need tips on how to grow my hair faster	1
*sniff sniff* i smell trouble near by .  these premonitions are always painfully correct . 	2
*sniff sniff* i smell trouble near by .  these premonitions are always painfully correct . 	4
why do bron have 3 points	2
why do bron have 3 points	4
probably went right through my town and didnt even say hi .  .  .  sounds like something would do	2
probably went right through my town and didnt even say hi .  .  .  sounds like something would do	4
team tondo	0
if they have a lot of followers ,  chances r they wont even know/check bc going thru that list takes a long ass time js	0
look at how many people ive made mad fuck i thought i was the one who was triggered damn	0
ahahaha isit someone clubber siao now	0
officially done with junior year	0
never knew you could call out names for an hour straight	2
never knew you could call out names for an hour straight	4
my baby love spoiling me	0
i aint been that lit in awhile	0
im waiting for the bus .  .  .  theres one every hour ,  ridiculous!!	2
wiw .  i dont think so	0
thats what happens when you have a child to take care of 24/7 lol	1
finally the one shark week a year that guys actually enjoy #sharkweek	0
what does this gif mean ?  you owe me an explanation	0
never that	2
asian girls are always doing the most .  theyll wear heels for a pizza hut uno	0
have fun tonight girl	0
have fun tonight girl	0
hey kob	0
someone hmu	0
code 100 at 6:20am .  after 5min on stairmaster she started feeling dizzy .  so lifetime machines 1 members 0 .  haha	0
not worried about you	0
you have a really really really beautiful face kl shy feesh 7lw mashallah	0
you have a really really really beautiful face kl shy feesh 7lw mashallah	1
were just gonna sit and listen ,  no signs or anything	0
hot little figure	0
i ate a lot of rice for dinner and then was watching youtube and was all warm and fell asleep .  that was nice	0
ur avi is sooooooo pretty	0
my friend bought it for me ill ask her tho and let u know!!	1
oo friend .  grabe no	1
it is delicious lol i crave it sometimes . 	0
take an l its not a name	0
going to text all the workers on phone "hey big head " and see	0
x idk  .  .  but you cute  .  fw my pin tweet	0
x idk  .  .  but you cute  .  fw my pin tweet	1
im waiting for you	0
i swear i dont steal any of my tweets from reddit	0
i woke with oomf on my mind	1
#kuriacelldiary stop pushing do you want him to leave the studio ?  its like your arguing not interviewing him . 	2
almost time for me to get ready for work	1
almost time for me to get ready for work	4
dont give up	1
why does someone skin color bother you	0
shout out to my baby for spoiling me and taking me to the movies and movie hoppin with me . 	0
thanks	0
you and these	0
i love doing role play	2
the amount of money theyve collected from me this year ,  they should have put at least $200 on it	0
im sure you a smooth person we just dont talk ,  but hey	0
oooooh you lucky girl	0
so i got my interview for my apartment on wednesday	0
yep ,  i have receipts .  like your daily "i hate taeyong" tweets .  """""hate"""""	0
i dont have a lot to offer when it comes to relationships tbh . 	0
the struggle	1
sent you a second email by the way	0
my stomach on easter bunny	1
i am so excited for album 2 and i have to wait so much time #shawn4mmva #betteronitunes	1
im happy with the few friends i have	0
happy birthday	0
me too	0
that foundation is amazing! esp if you have dry skin ,  its great	0
craving mashed potatoes	1
youre making this harder for me	1
lolol ,  i struggle picking between them ,  too .  thats why i asked . 	0
im just messing	0
im just messing	0
it says my account has been suspended .  .  but it wont let me email the email it told me to .  how do i get back on ? 	1
- eww it smells like cigarettes me- no wtf ?  diana- oh wait i just smelled my fart eww tf did she eat	0
- eww it smells like cigarettes me- no wtf ?  diana- oh wait i just smelled my fart eww tf did she eat	4
the “what’s new in foundation for swift” session is packed #wwdc16	0
dont sweat it love	0
out here west bumbafluck aka frederick  ,  md . 	1
ohhhh i wanna slap my granny sometimes	4
who the fucked is crying	3
who the fucked is crying	5
"oh bitch you gone burn" thats so mean:slightly_frowning_face: . 	0
call me crazy but i really do wanna go to disney world for my honey moon so obsessed and i wanna wear the bride minnie ears	0
sooooooo nauseous	4
goodmorning  ,  clocking	0
breons gathering is gonna be .  .  .  .  something .  lmao	0
not looking forward to that	2
not looking forward to that	5
omg yum	0
mine all are	1
you just didnt even correct the officer	0
i just wanna go on adventures with you this summer	1
like whats more romantic than sharing a soda with your partner	0
right before i start falling asleep i get super hungry	0
im serious ,  like i forgot all about white girls chels	0
no worries good luck!	0
when people you dont worry about at all wanna try and come at you	0
yall wake up early in the morning ready for an argument . 	0
amazing how food changes my attitude in seconds	0
true	0
monty ordered paisleys crib bedding & it should be here sometime this week	0
i know	1
and youll be getting a surprise skin soon anyway	0
heaven	0
yall just dont know how dead that shit is .  .  then he said he gone fine me $25	0
i just got everything to put it together we can start tomorrow	0
isnt he always	0
literalmente .  .  .  cagaste ivy	1
ppl really cant spell any more	1
lol stick to the dark liquor	0
not in the mood to even talk to anyone and i dont know why	1
why did this ac have to break today im dying right now	1
its so annoying	1
why are people going at stephs new shoes like this	0
3 episodes left of agents of shield	1
exactly what i thought of and you with tequila	0
man it was a white vs black fight it was crazy we fucked up them blacks tho they didnt even leave a mark on me	0
i want to smoke	1
hi how are you ?  hope youre fine todays my birthday & all i wish for is your follow! mind following me ?  • 1 , 886	0
i dont want to subscribe for a new month ni	1
what it do	2
what it do	4
hi ,  kaps! pretty okay but not the best .  i miss you!	0
yeah both happen in orlando	1
rain rain go away .  come again another day .  little loise is alone . 	1
not for the context of this class unfortunately .  hes tried telling her that too & she keeps suggesting bad movies	2
not for the context of this class unfortunately .  hes tried telling her that too & she keeps suggesting bad movies	4
6 days to go . 	0
be rude not too	0
crazy girl problems .  .  .  . 	1
i wanna go fishin	0
my boy	0
nola where got sad . 	0
you was	0
ooh flacks back! i completely forgot about her #loveisland	0
11:11 lyn gives jaebum the succ	0
im flattered .  now stop bullying me lol	0
son im not dealing with you today	0
you wouldnt understand	0
working so much i cant stand the sound of my own waitress voice #sogrossbutcantstop	1
#teamsuperfamilytime team super is frickin amaaaazing!!!!! love u all	0
this preformance everything	1
happy birthday !!! hope ur day is great	0
girl you talking like you pushing 30 girl shutup & live life thats something im expecting shae to say	1
i wish i was in cleveland	1
its a trap	1
henderson you lump it up lad when its the final seconds not run forward and check back	3
henderson you lump it up lad when its the final seconds not run forward and check back	5
if i was in the parking lot thats a jumpball	0
how exactly am i meant to do that since it has to come in the post ? 	0
have a safe flight get some rest when you get back to korea .  see you soon babyy	0
jenna thought i gave out 281-330-8004 as my number tonight .  i told her i gave my actual # out ,  but not to worry bc i wont reply	0
feeling very low right now	1
yall i miss going swimming w/ shakela  ,  & i random drinking nights . 	0
you were amazing!!! it was such a different part from vd ,  but it shows what true talent can do!	0
i got finn bálor best quality everything ,  my idol worst quality didnt debut overrated no fan hell yeah for a wrestler	0
i got finn bálor best quality everything ,  my idol worst quality didnt debut overrated no fan hell yeah for a wrestler	0
try make up weh	0
thats why i have to wear mine up when i go to sleep	0
omg ya i saw that we were but omg thanks girl!!!	0
omg ya i saw that we were but omg thanks girl!!!	0
omg ya i saw that we were but omg thanks girl!!!	5
told ya	0
its believable	0
its about to be 4 rass oclock and i dead cant sleep	1
lmao nigga aint shit	0
not today life .  not today!!! #tgif #friday #payday	0
didnt lolool ekta want trp not	0
didnt lolool ekta want trp not	0
bye bye england  ,  shoulda ,  coulda ,  woulda	0
text/call me .  .  i cant dm you because you dont follow me 419-270-7625	2
text/call me .  .  i cant dm you because you dont follow me 419-270-7625	5
sos need shoguns or sandwich etc now	1
- im to old for acronyms explain	1
yeah i said it	0
i wanna go on a euro trip already	1
my snap story ended now u hoes that didnt watch it missed out watch how ur gonna b all like "u never post anything" mate	4
#lateysha "if youve been to tenerife hes been to elevenerife!" #bigbrother18	0
basically if you hate chacos i hate you	0
i use to get called christopher columbus	2
i use to get called christopher columbus	4
me ,  you ,  and jess	0
did you know about this ?  ?  ?  i cant believe im just now finding out about this #nationalflipflopday	1
terry from love island is an absolute dream	0
i wanted to bat shorty dat hit me sooooo bad but ion need no charges bad enough i got a warrant for a charge i never caught	2
i wanted to bat shorty dat hit me sooooo bad but ion need no charges bad enough i got a warrant for a charge i never caught	4
i wanted to bat shorty dat hit me sooooo bad but ion need no charges bad enough i got a warrant for a charge i never caught	1
follow	0
kisse	0
niggas as in guys .  keep reaching you might pull a muscle	0
wyd monday i might come stay with you	0
you guys crazy for going out in this weather tho!	0
son .  .  .  .  10am	0
whats wrong with this world . 	4
after 3 years at college i dont know if im ready to be an adult yet and do adult things like call the doctors on my own	1
all i can think about is having my very own studio	1
double texts is the type of shit i like	0
im soooo close to just staying home	2
im soooo close to just staying home	4
i really need someone other than bee who understands .  i get so lonely if i go into littlespace by myself	1
i really need someone other than bee who understands .  i get so lonely if i go into littlespace by myself	5
i need to get back into dance	1
ite ima chill rn	0
i wish!! i actually had to cancel my gym to afford the holy roar one	3
i wish!! i actually had to cancel my gym to afford the holy roar one	5
when someones tapping their fingers in a waiting room .  resisting the urge to shout shut the fuck up!!	0
i just watched 100 videos theyre addictive	1
i hate niggas bruh they [try] to play too many mind games ,  like bruh its getting old	1
i hate niggas bruh they [try] to play too many mind games ,  like bruh its getting old	4
i will see this movie because of david & claire theyre so beautiful together in the movie ,  just like #…	0
not actual juniors haha i was referring to someones name	0
i need somebody to wash & blow dry my hair	1
i need somebody to wash & blow dry my hair	4
always check the radar before you run by the lake	0
happy anniversary mom and dad! i love you so much!!	0
happy anniversary mom and dad! i love you so much!!	0
if you like someone ,  tell them or just stalk them on every social network and cry yourself to sleep every night it’s whatevs"	0
when you bring food to work but forget to bring a fork	1
is a hard worker	0
why thank you	0
its the truth	0
enter me in #jendiygiveaway hope i win this can check my first post here to prove that my post is all about this giveaway 4 , 757	1
have a blast!	0
lol its all jokes	0
i miss you & i cant wait to turn tf up this year in track	2
i miss you & i cant wait to turn tf up this year in track	1
feel so better when my rooms tidy	0
goodnight my princess iloveyou forever and after	0
exactly my sentiments! nice one	0
my thoughts and prayers to anyone affected by the explosions in turkey #prayforturkey	1
im so happy to see how far youve gotten with painting everything	0
i was so fried last night i passed right out when i hit the bed	1
have to disagree there bud	0
im mad now	2
she will!	1
you look snug .  . and smiley	0
the way he looks into my eyes	0
 .  . i use to deal with an arabian guy	2
 .  . i use to deal with an arabian guy	5
im mad now	4
#epilogueinmaniladay2 my only hope	1
wow! i cant even imagine how terrifying that was .  that weapon!!! hope everyone is ok great work get em!	3
wow! i cant even imagine how terrifying that was .  that weapon!!! hope everyone is ok great work get em!	5
in love cookies	0
hopefully if my job lets me	1
but what does her body have to do with anything ?  shes a singer ?  ?  idgi	2
but what does her body have to do with anything ?  shes a singer ?  ?  idgi	4
man  ,  some chick-fil-a chicken nuggets sound good asf rn	1
stomach on e  .  . 	1
stomach on e  .  . 	4
why thank you .  thats very kind	0
what a great night	0
hooray! as a new content creator ,  my for honor vid being released by ubisoft from a bogus copyright claim is a massive win .  good times!	0
i want sweet tea from sonic	0
my knee hurts	1
omg she really got me fucked up	1
goodnight	0
this nappy sh*t	0
you know popping when someone calls his name on tv #stuntgang bitches	0
i loveeeeee new candles from bath & body works	0
yes it should! been catching up - looking forward to cardiff! #speedway	0
i do believe sometimes .  .  .  and yep im gemini	0
haha .  . so true .  apparently russians are not helping their case either .  lets see how the fans meeting turn out in lille	0
you cant be out here yelling #teamnokids when you than had mutiple abortions	2
you cant be out here yelling #teamnokids when you than had mutiple abortions	4
happy for you .  i can do better tho	0
we gon link soon tho folk i just gotta a lot of to do & work u get it i said shit	0
your way of remembering the flame test colours is so helpful give me more rhymes!!!	0
egg custard an watermelon snoball mixed	0
we gotta chill	1
still dont know how to use a washing machine at my age	0
checkpoint on cherokee be safe	0
yeah	0
hello taec ,  good evening~ #letsfightghost on 2016 . 07 . 11	0
i forgot what it was like to be out without my hot boyfriend .  they dont even dare when were together . 	0
if you get zardes bring that bad boy here	0
i want mcdo fries . 	1
yessss thanks hun	0
yessss thanks hun	0
hi love	0
gondooo especially ang pink	0
girl i think you quoted the wrong person	0
just starting the night like i aint got work tomm	0
goodmorning and have a great and productive day	0
i went to sleep so early now im paying for it	4
late on the last day of school	0
i miss tito	0
i miss tito	1
im craving a cheeseburger so bad but	1
im craving a cheeseburger so bad but	4
it wasnt like that but he had a baby picture and a crown i just wanted to talk  . 	0
im off wednesday and thursday	0
same	1
slept in	3
slept in	5
therikkavidunga it will be a sema combo #godofdevil #strs #villainism on d way	0
therikkavidunga it will be a sema combo #godofdevil #strs #villainism on d way	0
therikkavidunga it will be a sema combo #godofdevil #strs #villainism on d way	2
again	4
my photo	0
ily omg	1
slow respon	0
idk how you can ignore the one you love  . 	2
idk how you can ignore the one you love  . 	4
i just saw it but yeah ,  i got you now	0
i just saw it but yeah ,  i got you now	0
really wanna go see finding dory tomorrow	1
i have such a bright future and have so much potential i have a plan and goals sky is the limit	1
i want to do something fun	1
some of the fans that arrived on eastwood was there as early as 5 am	5
didnt know cardi b only 23	3
didnt know cardi b only 23	5
ask your gf semaj to help you	0
this celtic church test tomorrow has the penitential to be absolutely dreadful	1
love it!	0
you for real edit your pictures to much . 	0
congrats!	0
idk i just like sour cream and mayo	1
he fuckin wit me wrong ill spazz out  ,  aint shit to money on his head ill cash out	2
seems like she had a good night	0
ok im not	0
it was bound to happen	2
it was bound to happen	4
we could be neighbors	0
i been in my bag .  .  .  .  .  this is not me	0
aigo what a bright smile	0
yall be putting your whole life on twitter like sheeesh no privacy what so ever	1
i just want to cuddle with baby but were both at work	1
really need a charger	0
wheres my food	1
2nd speeding fine through from switzerland .  this one a whopping chf260 ,  £200!!! for 15mph over the limit at night on empty road .  yeah ,  no	0
bc my hungry has me dying rn . 	0
i miss transfer rumours on barcastuff account	1
loving the revamp and how you are both dermatologists .  i also love how it still is a family business	0
i really love your hair! i wish i could dye my hair that color	0
happy birthday hot stuff  .  .  enjoy yourself my love b safe !	0
good follow draymond !!	2
wish i was there have a wonderful day	0
wish i was there have a wonderful day	0
i know a few lol	0
jessica is so cute	0
constantine	1
missin u badly	1
goodnight ,  i have a summative quiz later	1
its been a good day	0
shut up this was all your fault i was gonna stay home you kept saying come come i was coming to "sesh" with you . 	2
shut up this was all your fault i was gonna stay home you kept saying come come i was coming to "sesh" with you . 	4
hey congratulations! i had just read this tweet when lali retweeted it! wow	0
hugo gloss	0
team 96 gettin old tbh	0
im tired of getting up so early everyday	1
ya allah her hands	0
see you august 1st	0
really nah look nuh body	1
so karina just agreed with me that i look like an onion .  thats what i get	0
hypocrites stay away	0
the only time anyone ever talks to me is if its beneficial to them	0
you disagreed with everything i said	0
russ parr&gt ;  joe clair&gt ;  rickey smiley&gt ;  steve harvey&gt ;  praise dc&gt ;  the fam in the morning lol .  lil moe and them suck ass	0
just wanna drink an oberon and grab a good steak with pops .  .  but work	2
just wanna drink an oberon and grab a good steak with pops .  .  but work	4
i can really relate to this . 	0
you ever be bout to put something on then be like nah aint enough people gon see me im save this	0
i should have posted about it	1
it wont	0
not the best morning	1
ive been on the end of one of your readings .  almost cried! sorry u cried for me i crie…	1
i know	0
on this day #june20 .  .  .  we lost ryan dunn and nicole kidman was born .  .  .  this day blows!!! #happybirthday to me!	3
no drama ,  no bs im chillin	0
i need a new barber .  cant be paying $24	1
i have so many shows to catch up on	0
starting the day early ,  gotta run . 	0
hahaha i just woke up from my nap  .  .  . still not fully recharged	0
omg here you go again	1
dont play ,  hope is still alive lol #trueloveorwhateva	0
ine playing you know where i live	0
ine playing you know where i live	0
thank yoou sam	0
this is fucking stupid	2
this is fucking stupid	4
awe zayns so nice . 	1
sure stay tuned!	0
okay ignore the i meant to tap the lol im sorry!	0
thank you	0
is julian drunk or what wth ima slap him for cheating on me	0
everybody carryin " boom " yu pull the trigga	4
had to make it splash for you papash	0
this dates topic is making me laugh people are making for twitter	0
ran riiiiight by a skunk tonight #blessed that i wreak only of my own scent	3
ran riiiiight by a skunk tonight #blessed that i wreak only of my own scent	5
bummed	0
got my phone back	0
i dont think lte is a necessity at all ,  high speed ul bb comes at much cheaper rate	0
& i still aint packed	1
literally running off 3 hours of sleep attitude all day i can feel it	1
literally running off 3 hours of sleep attitude all day i can feel it	4
#honestyhour the romance in greys anatomy and the drama are so relatable	1
ahhh 4 days more	0
it literally smells like hot chinatown garbage downcity	1
 .  .  .  i dont know what to tell you .  .  .  lets act like this discussion never happen okay	0
post who you want . @9	0
you really pretty and and super excited for football this year	0
me yesterday facetime you again friday  ? 	0
me yesterday facetime you again friday  ? 	0
was suppose to get me a nola confidential shirt yesterday but i was wayyy to busy	1
youre so pretty man i love that we are friends	0
thank you hannah	0
thank you hannah	2
the after party in the back seat	0
yes im still texting my nanny kids mom	0
grew up on maxwell	0
the riggle motor gave me goose bumps .  .  .  then the crash brought tears to my eyes #jaylenosgarage what a bummer	1
what a night the absolute could it be tonight again	0
when he ask me to wash his hair tonight when he get off and i say yes ,  and then i remember he dont have any hair	0
i dont even lurk right	1
 i came in this world all by my lonely ten toes down ian never need a homie	0
 i came in this world all by my lonely ten toes down ian never need a homie	0
u missed out on parking & to & fro expenses dude !!	0
hope your right big fella but not moving ball fast enough	1
i know no one wanted to leave vip	1
i miss my big bro	1
its happened trust me	0
i wonder when they find out how will they react	0
kels has always been the person i can call & no matter what she comes to me as fast as she can i love her	1
the only downside of studying in borneo is ,  harga postage masih mahal	0
how precious maknae	1
already done #remaxinmumbai	0
when my mom makes cookies it makes me happy	0
i will always be here for you ,  no matter what .  except maybe when you do #2 in the toilet ,  thats all you . 	0
well then thank god the anti larries stop responding back to me i dont have time for there crap plus one of them blocked me	0
you cant see it but everything working in your favor	0
mine too man	0
oh yeah totally	0
deadass ,  i feel like it definitely wont happen with the knicks ,  but so we can do is pray . 	0
david cameron didnt even want it to happen in the end .  .  .  he planted the idea into stupid people and they went with it	1
thank you	0
i got 55 hours of paid time off	0
im not you know people b having silent beef which means they aint gone never say so its good	0
lol facebook you dont have to remind me	0
your trending .  #sashabanks	0
be somebody is out #besomebodymovietonumber1 im so proud of u follow te ×1343	1
got a 91 on my speech	0
excited em nak jupe bb	0
everything is so confusing rn ,  idek how to feel	0
happy birthday have a great day	0
oh *turns engine off* yes you would think it was blumming february! xxx	1
"thats a girl movie" no ,  its gender liquid	2
"thats a girl movie" no ,  its gender liquid	4
convinced were the same ppl bc we relate to each others tweets & have a lot in common ur really pretty & cool & i h…	0
convinced were the same ppl bc we relate to each others tweets & have a lot in common ur really pretty & cool & i h…	0
good luck hun	0
jade (victorious) is me ,  as a girlfriend	0
thank you!	0
i just wanna escape right now	1
lol the good thing is you can run any speed youd like on a home run trot . 	0
yeah same  ,  if i get my tickets	1
next going to say her account was hacked	0
every1 told swara to forget watever hppnd but the girls so far from it .  that fear of loosing sanskaar again in her eyes	1
oh ok casey	0
jonathan said that he saw you and becky at pride . 	0
is that at the overlook hotel ?  #shining	3
is that at the overlook hotel ?  #shining	5
i hope this aint nobody on arri page i hope this him	2
i hope this aint nobody on arri page i hope this him	4
i hope this aint nobody on arri page i hope this him	1
thoughts are with orlando	1
thoughts are with orlando	5
i went through oitnb way too fast & it seriously fucked my entire life up	1
aye up .  was at work for 0500 .  .  .  good to catch up enjoy the northumberland coast	0
two more days until my phone comes in the mail	1
best thing	0
sydney chill out	0
volunteering luc to pick me and work mates up after drinks cause thats what boyfriends are for!	2
right! like "lemme catch a ride and food"	0
christina was actually one of the first people i watched that made covers of songs .  such a terrible way to go .  #ripchristina	1
i wish i had the same body as i do when i first wake up	1
i like your hair why youre not on twitter anymore ! .  . 	0
im not yemeni and i get it	0
and medicine does nothing	1
soo hungry	1
very happy birthday to one of the realest! love you chica	0
u r right di .  .  . may be next time som waving hands to start with .  btw going to a beach or what ? 	0
u r right di .  .  . may be next time som waving hands to start with .  btw going to a beach or what ? 	0
like chill bud we were having a down ass night	2
like chill bud we were having a down ass night	4
someone come over and watch the conjuring 2 with me	0
damn katherine .  .  . tmrw ur finally graduating so proud of u	1
back to lebron	0
sharon d just let maru chocked slam her child like that	0
birthday 12 its lit tonight	0
happy birthday future hubby & congrats on graduating	0
happy birthday future hubby & congrats on graduating	0
- long story short i wanted to pipe you .  and shit but then i didnt but you real cool and all definitely should come around more	0
why you so late bruh	0
love seeing her when shes having some off time:red_heart:️ but the hair sis .  .  i need them long locks	1
if anyone is looking for a veld ticket hmu	0
#imdopodcast waiting for another opportunity to drink ,  so .  .  .  sausage . 	2
on god they be trynna play me and now im all alone so i definitely gotta prove my point	0
on god they be trynna play me and now im all alone so i definitely gotta prove my point	1
i know naff all about rugby but i quite enjoyed that game even stopped watching the cricket for a bit!	0
im really the plug for this math final . 	0
awe wish i coulda been there	1
awe wish i coulda been there	1
i think u should see some nike or maybe some reebok .  i hear those shoes are dope!	0
sorry real quick	0
idek when she work & i be at work all the time but lmao that really is sick ,  i feel bad for kat	1
am i the only one thats start tripping when i see the clock hit 3am	0
have fun with that!	0
i have to unpack	1
i sweaa you know how they talk	1
daisy always forgets to reply to me	0
yonny hernandez	3
yonny hernandez	5
ight this white chick fucking up prince song now	1
[#crossgeneinsg] fighting to be the kost suave member ,  but sangmin who drew the question get to answer its me!	0
#imthatgirlfriend that your mother loves	0
do you know shes from jeonju and attended the same elementary school as taeyeon	0
is there actually a wanko rda out/coming out ?  cus thats ridiculous if so .  #wanko #rda	0
i apologize to once every few months for taking so long to give #sofargone to sat on that tape for about 2 months . 	1
too busy being champagne socialists  ,  and a leader who seemed to be working for leave	0
i hope yall phones explode	1
2016 ,  here i come!	0
ireland is getting some good chances #euro2016 #irl #swe	3
ireland is getting some good chances #euro2016 #irl #swe	5
16 weeeks ?  and we asians are still on the chineese new year	0
16 weeeks ?  and we asians are still on the chineese new year	5
bale is now wales greatest player of all times . " giggs should take back seat . 	0
i was on the phone with my grandma ,  she asked if i was hungry and when i said yes she hung up so quick	1
thanks brooke milly rock	0
of course	0
im picking ashae habits up on drinking because she cant	0
about ready to get on mine! well after i finish my cup of coffee first	0
btw you look stunning in your profile picture	0
i just know this weekend is gonna be so lit	1
its all falling apart here .  you wont have a home to come back to	0
in desperate need of wingstop	1
in desperate need of wingstop	4
i feel like you guys would like this	0
let my oliver teach you - hes a whizz at it! btw hes 8 and the things he creates are amazing	0
yeah bye	0
yall black boys breaking the internet better do the damn thing looking all scrumptious	0
yall black boys breaking the internet better do the damn thing looking all scrumptious	0
you know when you fancy something nice to eat but everything you look at isnt nice and you wanna just raid asdas	1
just got some good ass news	0
we live in paradise	0
im fed up bruh	0
doing fairly well ,  thanks lovely! xx	0
we are not close no more we used to be tight af .  but youre pretty and we are goofy around each other	1
favs	0
obviously u . u	0
back to georgia tomorrow	1
sweet and tender hooligan .  . 	0
some things you just cant worry about	1
you probably havent been paid yet . 	0
why am i awake and stressing about work ? 	1
oi you didnt ask to come into my manor	0
awww i wish i was drinking right now	0
good afternoon .  jwu	1
were so cute	0
need those shoes & nails	1
he has nothing to do with religion and islam .  .  . his name just happens to be omar	1
i died and came back to life hey .  she looks .  .  . umm mature	1
thank you for making the best show there is ,  with the best cast ever! you are very appreciated! #emilyandr…	0
oh yeah ,  in anaheim too pussy!!	0
come on cavs #allin216 #cavsnation	2
your always in a good mood when i see you	1
i should buy less for raya .  my raya is only 2-3 days .  not a month	0
that feeling when you see something and your heart drops	3
that feeling when you see something and your heart drops	5
watch the conjuring 2	0
andy always flopping	0
cutie . 	0
children are cute and all buuut no	0
children are cute and all buuut no	0
i miss high school its only been a month	1
they need to give me a refund! thats what they need to do	4
telling the truth and then smiling for no reason ,  and they think ur lying	0
goodnight and sweet dreams sanya hope you had a day full of smiles and happiness i love you so much xo	0
goodnight and sweet dreams sanya hope you had a day full of smiles and happiness i love you so much xo	0
off to look at a new car today sad to see my one go	1
kingina carglen	0
hard to believe my mum was the same age as i am now when she got married	0
baby im a sinner and not a saint	0
get you a susie ling ling	0
i thought wrong	1
if i say ifwy i be lying i only fw my nigga	0
if i say ifwy i be lying i only fw my nigga	0
ew wtf all creepy	0
on our way to cincinnati	0
this is true .  i witnessed her complaining	0
i cant believe i had a dream about omg	3
i cant believe i had a dream about omg	5
sorry	0
pretty upset im missing my family reunion	1
damn ,  this too funny	0
he converted a bp he did it	3
happy birthday cutie	0
my tweets wont send	1
typing what you really mean ,  deleting it ,  and then sending ok	0
i shouldnt even be going to work at this moment	0
oh my gosh im so sorry!! itll be hard for a long time ,  but them being in pain is harder to watch you know ? 	1
omg ,  i was listening to simon & garfunkel earlier and now this!	0
kd better stay in okc	4
oh fuck #prayforistanbul	1
no recollection	0
i am happy to say ,  that i am okay	0
in my timeline ,  there are many englands fans not sure with england starting xi #eng but i am sure with lallana n alli!	0
without feelings i can accept the offer	0
lmao just think about kd on the spurs dog ,  with kwahi doing all the defending ? !!!! kd gonna kill every night	1
its a beautiful day and im to hungover to function why doesnt tequila love me the way i love tequila	4
so mean	0
yeah just wait till after college	0
they certainly do!	0
you very much	0
❥room almost caught fire	5
thank goodness dancing isnt a requirement of my role!!	0
ive just been and bought new book and im one of his lean in 15 heroes	0
i cant stand when people throw money on the counter instead of putting it in my hand .  tf	2
i cant stand when people throw money on the counter instead of putting it in my hand .  tf	4
fuck the conjuring 2	1
just a bad day ,  not a bad life	0
its nice as hell out here on my birthday #ripdub i wish you wouldve made it boy	0
its time to drop a new song fuxk on that trap metal	4
good thing god painted my face with natural make up cause i dont like putting whale fat that they have in make up made by man on my face	0
great stuff .  .  .  that juice or through the geehole	0
no they are coming to maryland	0
i want to go to the county fair	1
yes please do always starting	0
a snow cone or ice cream is a must today	0
oomf is so annoying	0
youre welcome to visit us anytime .  hope you can drop by soon!	0
goodmorning	0
beautiful djoir	0
beautiful djoir	0
dont appreciate the compliments eh ?  u fat girl! saja jak mok tweet mcm ni	0
what now jimbo have you used it	0
is killing it right now in sioux city	0
oh no .  .  .  . not gordon murray too .  so very ,  very sad .  he made some of my happiest childhood memories . 	1
im watching it and im like ,  in tears over here at episode 4 .  that set up would actually make a good feature film	1
i play to much	0
you mean so much to me .  .  love u follow me please 15	1
whos trying to bring me a drink to work ? 	0
ok sad gone but not forgotten	1
its womens intuition i think!	0
i dont think so	0
kind of yes	0
bored af and need to go do something	1
didnt think i would actually cry but i couldnt even get past nya getting her make up done without crying wtf	0
now i got to go get ready for this long ass shift tomorrow	1
really not feeling being up at 7 on a sunday morning	1
is it bad that one one the main reasons im happy to move is to be closer to a 24 hour good coney ?  like i cant wait for 2am chix pitas	1
if you loyal too me i wont hurt you	0
so close to the #formationworldtour	0
so close to the #formationworldtour	1
nmmu closes late and opens early ?  derrick uyasnyisa	1
3 hours to go	1
me either ,  i saw an article like a week ago that she was sick but i didnt know the extent of it	1
me either ,  i saw an article like a week ago that she was sick but i didnt know the extent of it	4
the funniest thing just happened to me and katy	0
am i going to see you at madis leaving party ? 	0
its been happening for months	1
same huhu! im more of a stark . 	0
i dislike the sun because my freckles start to pop out	1
my baby is making me dinner	0
hello ,  right here! i got you boo	0
otw to forever	0
since i can now legally go to a hookah bar who trying to go	0
you already know! ok ok .  you should ,  you got that!	0
ion know why my momma send me to all those elementary schools	0
plotting all summer 16	0
good morning yolanda .  indeed it is . 	1
thank you	0
im going im going get out my mentions	0
we fell off but you cute	0
bored as shit and cant sleep	1
cant believe im almost 20!	0
oh i dont know  .  .  dont think so ? 	1
// im so organized today .  im letting my straighteners heat up while i get dressed . 	0
i can no longer hurt myself for holding on to something that was long gone	0
dont wanna work today	1
tendergreens so damn good	0
having to emergency stop on the way home because of a fucking deer	3
having to emergency stop on the way home because of a fucking deer	5
violation frnzy for blp ?  please no!	1
violation frnzy for blp ?  please no!	5
we aint even together bt we already arguing	0
machi .  .  . congratulations	0
good morning! welcome back to school kids!	0
perfect day today all thanks to	0
im watching exid showtime	0
its real nigga summer though lol	1
id throw u lol	2
id throw u lol	4
im so bummed today	1
treat me good and ill treat you better than anyone else . 	0
looks like a beautiful first day of summer out there	0
midday coffee is never a bad idea	0
thank god his brother got the killer he probably saved more than one life but unfortunately he couldnt save hers #prayfor…	1
& i actually feel good saying that cause not too many females got a bd willing to do for their kids . 	0
i hate the way #oitnb ended	1
i be hurt bo	0
happy fathers day to my momma you showed me a lot and i love you for that  .  growing up i wanted my daddy around but…	0
que heavy #versionmagical	5
looking back yea  .  . it wasnt worth it	1
the supreme court is supposed to have nine justices .  .  .  one died .  .  .  what happened ?  ?  like to his replacement ? 	3
the supreme court is supposed to have nine justices .  .  .  one died .  .  .  what happened ?  ?  like to his replacement ? 	5
 .  .  . or ,  do you relate exactly the right amount ? 	0
bbbbbbut then we would never have met	0
bbbbbbut then we would never have met	1
we agree! fabulous taste ,  tiffany . 	0
how in the world does a pussy get that swollen must have done the kylie jenner challenge im crying	0
how in the world does a pussy get that swollen must have done the kylie jenner challenge im crying	1
same i feel you	1
no leh they are not friends that ill delete	0
i feel like you retweeted your last 2 retweets for me	1
aww ,  happy fathers day	0
im sorry	0
it is not insane as i wanted it because i am in a period of exams	1
leave voter to made on £ but now im worried .  why ?  didnt expect us to actually leave .  it was a protest vote . 	0
thats wilddddd i love you ,  im praying for you	1
goodluck tanda ,  ingat	0
thank you & happy birthday to you hope its a good one	0
why i dont remember this video	0
yes i did .  .  .  *meow*	0
co- co- urg i wish i was high rn	1
co- co- urg i wish i was high rn	1
yes .  watching it with my bff .  cant wait when she meets chris	0
3/4 .  .  .  .  just one wasnt great for us .  .  .  happens to be world class now though	0
im buying myself a promise ring or one of those princess rings from pagodas promise to never fall for a fuckboy again	0
im buying myself a promise ring or one of those princess rings from pagodas promise to never fall for a fuckboy again	0
im buying myself a promise ring or one of those princess rings from pagodas promise to never fall for a fuckboy again	1
birds of a feather flock together	0
mad litt shit to watch when i get home	2
aw thanks love .  and i did	1
in her feelings	0
that sht fcked me up lmao cause ppl been joking abt it all day	0
that sht fcked me up lmao cause ppl been joking abt it all day	1
that sht fcked me up lmao cause ppl been joking abt it all day	1
i have a weight limit and a child limit when it comes to the women ill talk to and she exceed both of dem	1
d griffin mann " yeah my son go hard " im still weak at kimani talkin bout that girl on the party bus	0
just woken up .  .  . 	0
always been a good licker whitewash in their backyard not to be sniffed at .  now over to my boys to lick cats	0
i	0
its not everyday we fight over whether or not my nose is fake	2
oh shit ,  i hope no one has that video	0
i wish my hair would grow faster its not long enough	1
lord help	0
i want to but no so ill just stay and	1
ot ako tonight	0
this year has been the best year of my life	0
i still wanna go see the conjuring 2	0
forza azurri #ita forza chelsea #cfc forza conte! hehe no many stars ,  but play as a team!	0
"knock on yourself mely" okay i hope it works	0
and that just killed everything	1
and his gay card needs to be taken away with hair like that	0
were getting those days back i did miss those 3 day working weeks	0
were getting those days back i did miss those 3 day working weeks	0
this is actually so relieving	0
so its real ?  his design choice i respect him for that and his decision . 	5
saw the love of my life a year ago yesterday	1
this case from the ecjs decision is just . a carrot being dangled in order to get us to change our minds it wont work	0
this states had been messing with my emotions this whole time .  .  .  . they now wanna give me my states taxes after 4 months ;  my account is sexy	0
myungsoo l oppa because its funny!	0
now i can never go to the starbucks by my house either	1
i just got catcalled by a 10 year old	2
i just got catcalled by a 10 year old	4
you know im down . 	0
twitter full of shit let irrelevant people be seen and heard	0
not gonna lie im jst now listening to "views"	0
been playing it cool so you never know what im up to	0
let my body do the work	0
soo ready to get off work	1
i just wanted you out of my car as fast as possible	0
think ima let my baby sleep tonight ion wanna wake him he gone be cranky	1
idk where to even start with looking for a prom dress	5
insolence	0
shit made no sense lol but imma leave that alone and just go to bed	1
really bad feeling about this	4
lol you in line for this one huh richy	0
i really wish all of you couldve been there .  it was a rather good time ,  not to mention ,  i looked güd	0
right back at ya	0
im confused on why it all these 14 buses coming back to back goin to neshaminy mall and not to oxford valley mall bus	2
im confused on why it all these 14 buses coming back to back goin to neshaminy mall and not to oxford valley mall bus	4
get him to give me a slice	0
how could i forget about them	1
// my filipino sister cant wait for this weekend! gotta tell our corny jokes before you leave us but i love ya gorgeous!	0
// my filipino sister cant wait for this weekend! gotta tell our corny jokes before you leave us but i love ya gorgeous!	1
bama mascot (me) &gt ;  michigans mascot (where is it ? )	0
tomorrow i have an appointment with my orthodontist hopefully these bad boys come off!	2
tomorrow i have an appointment with my orthodontist hopefully these bad boys come off!	5
wtf is a love	0
see you soooon	0
wow me and lj lost our streak .  .  .  im sad	1
this is my favorite song at the moment when it first came on tv i couldnt stop staring and listening #hypnotized	0
who put 10p in you	0
i will not let this bug defeat me .  …tomorrow…	0
instead of draking we do ariel camachoing #paisatwitter	1
happy birthday peter! hope all is well	0
that sucks bub .  you should have came	1
man charges a signing fee for each piffy you get into the dms .  £2 per reply .  £10 for a number .  £20 a date .  £50 per smash .  im dead . 	1
you too	0
still cant believe i slept outside last night	0
has to score that .  whats it like supporting a good team ? 	0
today hasnt been my day at all	2
today hasnt been my day at all	4
im always one of your top followers	0
my daughter just called me .  .  .  why ?  because she missed me .  yep! im a big pile of sad mush & happy tears over here now!…	1
gonna sleep good tonight !	0
do you still miss her ?  yes!! do you want to tell her ?  no .  . 	1
how am i walking into the same girl at the same place at the same time every morning ?  lol ppl are less accurate when making plans	0
this is the first livestream that doesnt feel that interactive with the chat and fans #gtlive	1
this is the first livestream that doesnt feel that interactive with the chat and fans #gtlive	4
#comingsoon #streetbrandradio w/ & saturdays on #godjradio	0
these vv reids were really worth the wait	0
i havent slept a full night in idk how long . 	1
you aint gotta love me baby i love myself	0
me & nic had a day party	0
got them open	2
after being thoroughly spoilt this morning by my amazing its time for for more birthday fun!	0
cannot wait to see ad and india tomorrow	2
i did not have the shoes	0
you too	0
¡obvio	0
nothing .  you from brooklyn so its automatic	1
when youre sad bc braden isnt playing your warped date and you missed him last year bc of a rain delay	1
otw to school and the song on the radio is i fell in love with a gay .  hahahaha fate is a friend .  good vibes	0
i was at school im training for another job	0
i was at school im training for another job	0
i dont mean to sound conceited but name another female thats on her shit like me and im only 16 .  . 	0
i dont mean to sound conceited but name another female thats on her shit like me and im only 16 .  . 	2
i dont mean to sound conceited but name another female thats on her shit like me and im only 16 .  . 	5
haha i did went on sehri that day	0
mthande	0
when braiding them in only braid far enough to make sure the braid is in tact you dont want half the twist or even a third of it a braid	4
staaarving	1
staaarving	4
a subaru wedding cake	0
this game is lit! #usavpar #copaamerica #usa #par	0
she use to be so attached to me too but now shes growing up and isnt a baby anymore	1
life feels good when you just living	0
i work at 11:45 and im still smoking my morning bowls lol	0
ty but i should be the one praying for u bc you have the real trump in ur country	1
wish you the best ,  love!	0
get out ya feelings and turn ya savage up	2
ariel is going to have to start school late . 	1
right thats why i didnt bother to unfollow him i just skip over his story	0
they mean like african american ,  asian etc lmao you childish	1
every time i have facebook event *lies down* time to meditate on the fine line between friends and connections	1
every time i have facebook event *lies down* time to meditate on the fine line between friends and connections	4
thanks dev  .  .  . im making the most of it housekeeping	0
goodnight din sir	0
dont send james t .  home please . 	1
i swear he the best in everything	0
yeah same to yours lol ,  and thanks hope youre doing good aswell	0
much cooler plate than the one i used	0
at least now i have a reason to go shopping	0
i got a little bump on the back of my thigh	1
hahaha thanks	0
never thought one person could make me this	0
had fun messing around with my nieces&their pranks , i dont know if the sweets that makes you fart work , sure my sister in law will find out	0
i did that last night	0
love you more u my fav now go the fuck to sleep	0
pls followme boi make my dream come true i love you so much treat me better pls love u so much *8	1
wish i had someone to go to this bad boy reunion tour with in buffalo on friday	1
oh rog	1
that interview was fucking epic #werth	0
spit on the and get	0
its already been a month since school ended	1
once i see some funny shit thats when i cut you off	0
i kinda figured it works for me tho	0
looks like a lot of fun ,  sweetness!	0
black and yellow .  . 	0
mood	0
hey john! how are you ? 	0
psh i got your loco #psycho	2
last rt though	1
about a month ago ,  i reckon	2
yall dont compare to him ,  period no matter what we go through	1
!!!! i wait for her man	1
sent me home with pay look at godt	0
sent me home with pay look at godt	1
karter so cute in my avi	0
i need a milkshake from tommys	0
oh no steve ,  so sorry mate my very best wishes to you x	1
i dont get it either laura	2
i dont get it either laura	4
le shit #wentworth is rankest .  #ferguson is a cray b!tch! #netflixhasmyheart	3
le shit #wentworth is rankest .  #ferguson is a cray b!tch! #netflixhasmyheart	5
no he is not okay! i knew him before averie!	0
dialog [standard] is up .  (unofficial) 2016-06-16 22:20:03 utc #bluemix	0
this heat is intolerable	3
this heat is intolerable	5
not tryna kick it w/ nobody new my ball so flat	0
ahahah good bro! btw your date was a cutie	0
ahahah good bro! btw your date was a cutie	0
ahahah good bro! btw your date was a cutie	0
i wanna go to the movies friday to see purge election year but i dnt wanna go alone	0
i wanna go to the movies friday to see purge election year but i dnt wanna go alone	0
im about to burst holy #mexvven	4
can oitnb come out already man fav show	0
can oitnb come out already man fav show	1
dont fuck w/ social media drug dealers	1
im fine by myself  .  promise	0
the same nigga is in his song fire & desire is the same nigga i need in my life	0
im freaking out help me please ,  oh please . 	1
i dnt like this week schedule bruh	4
but you broke:thinking_face: .  .  .  .  .  bye bitch	2
but you broke:thinking_face: .  .  .  .  .  bye bitch	4
aw ily im coming friday!	1
happy birthday dude hope u have a great day	0
now thats just not true	0
survived 6 weeks in ns .  going to go for the 7th week .  all is well	0
this my first time lurking in a min	1
my phone b acting stupid all da time	2
ps have breakfast ready for us	0
im annoying  .  .  ill yell bae a million times just to be like gimme kiss	0
when youre stuck between building a race car or just going out & get a luxury car . 	1
i hate messy people	4
gutted	1
that " ; -))" of urs took all the sentiment away .  .  . 	2
that " ; -))" of urs took all the sentiment away .  .  . 	5
another boring day hay	1
hahaha dont ruin my good vibe kev	1
daddys home is pretty damn funny	0
enter me in #jendiygiveaway hope i win this can check my first post here to prove that my post is all about this giveaway 6 , 286	1
use daisydisk to scan your drive and it will tell you whats in your "other" and then you can go right in and delete	0
dude its so creepy sometimes she started laughing i was like no im out	0
dude its so creepy sometimes she started laughing i was like no im out	0
i love all races of women so many different types of yummy	1
haha i was just chilling watching tv and she just started yelling	0
im so upset that i just bought a pair of ruffle cheekys and theyre not gonna be made anymore .  im obsessed . 	1
got so many sick things planned for this week that can only go ahead if i pass my driving test	0
there should be 1 with lebron sucking on a pacifier after they loose!	0
im hungry af i got pondu na tilapia waiting for me at the crib	0
this is a conversation i am all too familiar with . 	0
facts lemme stop	0
im straight up stupid	1
i got through it ,  but want more sedation next time ,  lol .  quite a bit of pain right now . 	1
awesome thank you for letting us know!	0
cant you see it that i want you back soo fucking much .  .  ? 	1
but how peng is	1
you wear your halo like a hat	0
ok ok lets get it bro	0
bitch find out	0
bitch find out	1
theyve done a good job! lots of apostrophes as well! i love using quality books to inspire great writing . 	0
stiff neck	1
my sis and i cant sleep because its too hot so were here watching anime at 1am	0
these pancakes wrapped sausages are rockin	1
ah shit!	0
i feel sooooo good!	0
im confused	0
saturday catch me nsimbini car wash (efolweni) & at harding!!	0
when youre sick and you blow your nose and the boogers touch your lips	0
im already prepared to cry tomorrow cant believe my baby graduating where has time gone !	0
im already prepared to cry tomorrow cant believe my baby graduating where has time gone !	1
no im still on 10	0
i was soo into him and im soo disgusted with myself what was i on ?  ? 	4
bruh my head hurtin so bad	1
fr we gotta start saving nancy we should celebrate together since our birthdays are close	0
fr we gotta start saving nancy we should celebrate together since our birthdays are close	0
when bae is too busy for you	1
she said dont let the high go to waste but can u taste a little taste of novacane	0
your emails are making no sense today ,  whats up with tuesday ,  sir nvm	2
your emails are making no sense today ,  whats up with tuesday ,  sir nvm	4
your emails are making no sense today ,  whats up with tuesday ,  sir nvm	1
your emails are making no sense today ,  whats up with tuesday ,  sir nvm	5
save the newspaper so you can give it to me when you come back to bih and ,  buy me the newest spiegel (no 24) thanks	0
save the newspaper so you can give it to me when you come back to bih and ,  buy me the newest spiegel (no 24) thanks	0
i can play getrich for hours	0
gpa went from a 2 . 3 to a 2 . 5	0
funny .  its too much to handle but ill let you talk the fair game .  dont make me tell your imaginary girlfriend . 	0
no chill sa wednesday	1
no chill sa wednesday	3
no chill sa wednesday	4
not having work until 5 tomorrow	0
i have the worst migraine right now	4
i was on something strong cause idk wth i was thinking	0
shift almost over tho	0
had to force myself to get up	1
walked into a room today and heard a canadian talk about maple syrup ,  the stereotypes are real	0
i had a blue bunny in my dream but i lost it now i want a blue bunny	1
game 4 can golden state win on the road so i can get a free taco from taco bell	0
flying is the more fun route to go but then i think of weather conditions and hitting planes or birds	1
home	4
need more eyeshadow palettes	0
not feeling nobody	0
thank you girl!!	0
my nails keep breaking	2
my nails keep breaking	4
who tf is rico ?  he get my desert eagle	4
college beach weekend rey be lit	0
#getthanked server .  .  .  me .  .  . 	2
how do we still not have a streak ? 	1
thanks hun ,  im sure itll be absolutely fine .  but i appreciate it	0
essence you know wassup act like you dont know	0
keep it up barnes	0
did my ex really subtweet me and put a trash emoji ?  ?  ?  im so offended ,  i promise	0
or maybe i was just really hungry	0
ive got another godmother but i havent seen her in ages .  my godfathers are brothers iveta tweeted me	0
so nice to be back in my own bed	0
you boys are gonna smash it sad i cant be there but i cant wait to see videos love you	1
nothing more attractive than a heavy praying woman	0
scoota really gone	1
bellyyyyyyyy	0
for some reason i like it when people call me nnaya	0
having to sleep without bae actually makes me really sad	1
chill dont make my dad whoop yo a**	0
slightly embarrassing when the lady at the petrol station shouts excuse me you still got your tags on your dress cheers then	3
slightly embarrassing when the lady at the petrol station shouts excuse me you still got your tags on your dress cheers then	5
happy birthday!	0
it sounds so good rn	1
my cat is so high right now because he got fixed & its the funniest thing ever to watch	0
im so tired ,  i think im hitting delirum .  .  .  . 	3
im so tired ,  i think im hitting delirum .  .  .  . 	5
just pre-ordered the #horizonzerodawn collectors edition! first time i ever pre-ordered and first time i am getting a ce!	0
i keep falling asleep and waking up	0
anytime i need to vent i go to the group chat ntt but love & support	0
135k people at edc yesterday	3
135k people at edc yesterday	5
that shit was lame as hell dumb ass movie	2
that shit was lame as hell dumb ass movie	4
be happy ,  see you tomorrow (like finally)	0
knows i love him but its going be way to hot for me at the park i got a shirt doe	0
knows i love him but its going be way to hot for me at the park i got a shirt doe	1
sheesh welp i feel you but i really dont feel like typing a lot on the tl rn alotta questions that ill get back to eventually	0
in happy you did	0
in happy you did	0
why cant i fix this	1
yassss  ,  of course i remember they fit me so short now like i think i grew or something	0
i be scn keri hilson like she gone respond	1
twelcome on board	0
we lost the sd card with the toycon pictures	1
oh my gosh we look so little thank you! miss you so much	0
you are well appreciated still i dont expect anything from you po .  happy na po ako to support you with what i can do godbless!	0
up here in the middle of canuckistan ,  its hot enough for me to turn on the a/c for the first time this year . 	0
what you saying  .  .  . 	0
umm ok	0
80 follower hype	0
dalajah ugly ass never answer the phone but always get mad when i dont	2
dalajah ugly ass never answer the phone but always get mad when i dont	4
what is wrong with this world praying for the families in orlando affected by this horrific event	1
the best things in life arent things . 	0
haha its all good	0
great! you know what u need to do now ?  yes ,  invite people to ur house to eat them .  preferably the emcs	1
shhhs shuddup	0
omg cutiepay haha okay b	0
omg cutiepay haha okay b	0
as long as youre ok!	0
rob po	0
no way ? 	0
oh you mean thought! i read this 5x until it made sense	0
be like	0
i aint to hard to tell you how i feel  . 	0
green apple slushy from sonic	0
thats the spirit! youll be a sasuke/ninja warrior uk champ in no time!	0
that lineup	3
that lineup	5
bishop	0
snapchat story has me dyeing	0
i should probably try to go back to sleep	0
literally my life	0
horse races this week with my baby	0
me not likey momol and love questions .  i wont answer ,  guys	0
alright2	0
google it	0
tg we get out at 9 on some days for finials	0
my heart cant take this heartache man	1
the fact i get to see tomorrow	0
about to dye my hair	0
haha well sorry bout it you know they work me like a dog up here	1
i cant believe i crashed	1
i love my bestfriend and wish she was in the same country as me	1
if dramafever doesnt work again	2
 . @amandineflachs was gr8 meeting you again amandine .  it was a great #vr event! see u again at the next #vrlo #virtualreality	0
super annoyed today	2
well have them singing musical numbers by 2nd grade	0
thats so cool ,  i wish the topshops in australia had this	1
i think ive caused enough twitter entertainment for one night	0
trust me im so fat right now the food is too good	1
aaaaayyyyeeee do that yall aaaayyyyyeeeeee #onthefloor #dance #jam	0
yes i am happy	0
your cooking is incredible with a silent cr #hugs #justkidding	0
h8 you	0
sometimes i wonder  .  .  .  do the clouds also look down on humans and point out * see that one is shaped like an idiot	0
having to call in sick to work makes me feel like im letting people down	2
having to call in sick to work makes me feel like im letting people down	4
definitely worse than us	0
oh my gosh! mmmoooommmm!!!!!!!	4
got me looking down my tl like .  .  .  what is you doinggg	1
she was fronting so i fucked her friend	0
glad i got one cause i cant do the train and bus nomo	1
bruv you said youd let me know location youre moving like a melt today	0
that glick phone beat is oc	0
typical	0
"you must drink with your friends ,  not with your liver . " - dad	0
until you see that i cant put my shoes on lol	1
definitely twin peaks with the red curtains!	0
thanks joy! love your blog & content id love to grab coffee with you some time or collaborate on something .  let me know	0
thanks joy! love your blog & content id love to grab coffee with you some time or collaborate on something .  let me know	0
cingratulations! so happy to hear the wonderful news	0
i know its not you .  you cant drive	0
bc you the best	0
heard spinning at maybe an appearance from the man himself next year ? 	0
been up since 3 am	2
been up since 3 am	4
this is so amazing!!	1
i started a quiz epidemic	1
i dont feel any good	4
finally got a chance to watch i seriously love and	0
my ex stays lurkin on my page so hi boo im doing good	0
when i get my paycheck ill prolly be crying bc of the amnt of hope i gave in to work	1
you not trying to see if its more than being friends .  .  .  you trying to feel that #lhhatl	0
same	1
love u too honeybun	0
did a awful attempt at shaving my legs .  .  missed so places #whatamess	1
lol because i was salty and its a holiday	0
i just wonder ,  how will people react when i disappear !	1
my mom said when i get back home from basic training and everything she still dont want guns in her house	0
how do the ones that you usually hang around act ? 	0
am i the only one that get mad when i see a fine black boy w a white girl  ?  im not racist but mann that ag me	1
biggest friend zone of my life	1
i know you must get this all day long but your hair	0
i really dislike the new instagram ,  i feel like my timeline never updates .  its always the same posts at the top	2
the plug	0
story of my fucking life .  .  .  . not the photoshoot im not that lit lol but the break out .  .  . popping out of no where (pun intended)	0
its i say "ill see" lol im more than likely catting	0
i like my nigga goofy .  if you cant make me laugh ,  which is not hard ,  then i cant fwy	0
yall are so amazing!	0
la petite boulain by kindle edt .  a happy memory in all the darkness of her childhood at hever&youth at the courts of	0
r . i . p to my nigga donte:folded_hands_medium_skin_tone:gone but never forgotten	1
glad everyone ok mate .  not been out on track this year as yet ,  just not had any time off hope i get out soon!	0
glad everyone ok mate .  not been out on track this year as yet ,  just not had any time off hope i get out soon!	5
okay future	2
i really want a blast from sonic	0
all i do is screenshot quotes ,  listen to music ,  watch tv and talk to	1
#pol keep having wild shots ffs #euro2016 #swipol	1
i dont know why but this made me laugh so hard	0
i miss elementary tbh	0
always babe! the prayers worked	0
lets pray i dont lose my card again	1
just for burneside 3rds against carnforth mate! i was like a young paul collingwood!	0
i love u so much .  do u love can u follow me tweet me babe and dm me #nashmerch #facetimemenash ♡776	1
im not giving up on my man	0
i wish new me could tell the old me to skip the parties so i wouldnt be behind in school .  ooo well .  i have nothing but time . 	0
i wish new me could tell the old me to skip the parties so i wouldnt be behind in school .  ooo well .  i have nothing but time . 	1
happy birthday	0
i want to go to nyc this summer	0
& we wouldve kept running	0
followback ate tanya	0
happy asf	0
got me feeling all sorts of emotions . 	3
i hope she can read what im typing	0
oh thats awful	3
oh thats awful	5
tantine	0
thanks	0
im around never drop a location !	2
he obviously hated cleveland too if it took 52 years to win a title in a sport . 	0
im pretty good at fighting games that used to life	0
i havent got to watch one game during the finals	2
i havent got to watch one game during the finals	4
my bestfriend pisses me off yo quick to text that pissy ass boy back but wanna be " dead " when its time to text me back	0
work	1
what they do	0
your treat	0
its been a ht…	2
no thank you been there done that	0
frfr	0
conte trying to climb over the top of the dugout is getting me through this half	0
#crossfit instructor this "but did you die ? "	2
#crossfit instructor this "but did you die ? "	4
"youre riding a bike"	0
got a new pillow	0
i love your voice	0
thanks both gunna have a browse at some adidas trainers then	0
woo by rihanna ft travis scott is deadass my shit	1
all the way tonight i wanna move my body .  .  .  #myjam	0
#doctors i cant wait to rewatch the opening scene im still in awe of shinhye fighting skills #kickassshinhye	0
#doctors i cant wait to rewatch the opening scene im still in awe of shinhye fighting skills #kickassshinhye	0
#doctors i cant wait to rewatch the opening scene im still in awe of shinhye fighting skills #kickassshinhye	0
how the hell am i supposed to even out my peeling tan ?  ahoo its so hit	2
how the hell am i supposed to even out my peeling tan ?  ahoo its so hit	4
congrats to bae for winning the best r&b singer at the bet awards!	0
wanna do something but dont want to spend money	2
wanna do something but dont want to spend money	4
pool side	2
i used to hate chemistry until maichard came .  #spsfreetolaugh	0
lmfao yg snapchat hella funny ,  they talking to they nigerian driver about pussy	0
theres always one	0
¿crees ? 	0
this fri ,  alfred will cook for lunch	2
you did a really good job mama	0
so young and talented .  we lost a great singer .  #ripchristinagrimmie	1
#vickimomberg will first go into hiding then issue a statement about how shes sorry ,  didnt mean it that way ,  has many black friends .  .  . 	2
i know that	0
everybody sleep when i get out of work	2
everybody sleep when i get out of work	4
im not ready	1
yes we need strong leadership and yet it feels like were up shit creek ,  no paddle and a hole in the boat	1
yes we need strong leadership and yet it feels like were up shit creek ,  no paddle and a hole in the boat	1
okay hopefully tomorrow #greysoninmanila	1
wow lol	0
ayo man talking bout stds & shit but they got bigger issues at hand .  they just rob champs my nigga .  not champs mehn	1
you missed my cheek on this "test run"	0
perfect	0
i miss my sister	1
you too pal	0
look at those teeth	0
vou xoxar alynne	0
highschool volleyball has finally come	0
when all you can do is be happy for them	0
obsessing over the show power	0
i fell asleep drawing and woke up w my pencil shavings spilled everywhere	2
i fell asleep drawing and woke up w my pencil shavings spilled everywhere	4
watching keeping up with the kardashians make me even more pettier and act like a drama queen	0
ok .  thought i might have been hallucinating for a moment .  .  .  which is also possible . 	0
happy monthsary boys we love you	0
now you see me 2 &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; 	0
were not gonna have to play a ctf	0
been doing so bad at mtg lately .  .  .  i think i need a break .  maybe until i go back to america .  .  . 	1
i have cedar point on wednesday ,  working a double on friday ,  working another double on saturday ,  and i have kings island on sunday	0
i was like "i know tf not!!!"	0
wow kefentse i dont like you anymore!	0
wow kefentse i dont like you anymore!	1
so its okay even if youre a mess . 	0
dont get smart w me why would i be posted at the strip club  ? 	1
ima dawg fuck her cousin	2
ready for this journey tonight	2
love sosa had me turnt this morning	0
especially because people just wanna play gamessssssss	1
stay yo ass in new orleans !!!	0
can just become the prime minister and done ? 	1
hes not coming to indy	1
hes not coming to indy	1
i swear to god lexi you were dying on my futon shaking & twitching .  i was like oh myyyyy what did i do	0
cant sleep without jack	1
my brother say he going to get a few groceries and i come home to nothing but junk food	2
my brother say he going to get a few groceries and i come home to nothing but junk food	4
i layer the horn down and u still never looked i was like thats it out the window i go	0
yes unfollow me	0
it was our pleasure to support you .  enjoyed playing games too	0
we can talk about you! the fastest man alive!	0
lol u get on my damn nerves sometimes but i still got mad love for you .  i can talk to you about anything but u dont b…	0
seriously cant deal with this all again	1
so happy for u	0
the world doesnt have enough creperies	1
the world doesnt have enough creperies	1
im a proud fan .  i believe hell #redesignrebuildreclaim his title .  some ppl arent his fan & disagree .  those ppl are idiots!	0
ugh you are the worst! #frenemies	0
i just wanna go camping with my friends	1
i need my car	1
haha ,  i remember the days of being terrified of holding a baby now i can do it with one arm	0
good night	5
kenny and carol got me so upset .  6 months is too long	1
things like that	2
things like that	4
and so it begins #fuckallyall	0
knows whats up w/ the jams	0
jared and i get high once every 6 months and today was the day ,  shits funny	0
my dad son so fucking ugly like who tf raised you	1
oh f*ck bjr knows how to hurt people with just words .  what he says to claire but she will not cower nor back down! #tsats	5
tempted to walk back to mcdonalds and get another large coffee #coffeeaddict	0
still not over peru winning over an obvious handball	0
finally breaking away to go to bed .  netflix and sons of anarchy had me sucked in until 3:00 . 	3
finally breaking away to go to bed .  netflix and sons of anarchy had me sucked in until 3:00 . 	5
found myself eating again #napakababoy	0
cant help but to smile when im on the phone with you	0
imy more were tf you at	1
so cold at the hospital	4
i dont discriminate	0
bro i couldnt anymore i was gonna put money on them too lmfao	1
i wanna make a pit stop in italy for some spaghetti	0
like i said ill be here for you	0
yall ckan ckall us bullies all yall want but i refuse to let a nigga talk shit about me and get away with it so ckontinue to punk jordan	0
niggas dont sleep we just blink	0
niggas dont sleep we just blink	0
niggas dont sleep we just blink	0
niggas dont sleep we just blink	1
thats not my problem they can stay annoyed while im fucking it up in the drivers seat to beyoncé	0
hey belle! happy birthday:smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::party_popper:!! ingat ka always we (titins) love you god bless you belle!	0
hey belle! happy birthday:smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::party_popper:!! ingat ka always we (titins) love you god bless you belle!	0
hey belle! happy birthday:smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::party_popper:!! ingat ka always we (titins) love you god bless you belle!	0
i need a back massage	1
mom said i need to watch who i hang out with and what im doing prolly not	0
why he use that obama meme bruh ? 	0
who wants to come to the beach with me this weekend	0
happy birthday !!! miss you and hope you have a good day!!	0
oomf mann	0
she hifi delhi chick me she *english mien blah blah* me she mera naam tanya hien me omg .  so cute .  im mikesh	0
she hifi delhi chick me she *english mien blah blah* me she mera naam tanya hien me omg .  so cute .  im mikesh	2
she hifi delhi chick me she *english mien blah blah* me she mera naam tanya hien me omg .  so cute .  im mikesh	4
thanks for the full tank of gas dad	0
sostamkos re-signed the oilers gave hall to new jersey! and the habs traded p . k .  for weber!!!	0
sostamkos re-signed the oilers gave hall to new jersey! and the habs traded p . k .  for weber!!!	0
im not lazy it just gives me a little panic attack talking to someone idk on the phone	0
chase has yet to come on one of my target adventures ,  i have a feeling he might dump me afterwards	0
talk less and we can do more	0
moms was a big crip when she was young yall see that tattoo when she had heart surgery they fucked it up	0
cute boo and you seem cool you dress nice too	0
cute boo and you seem cool you dress nice too	0
isnt he  ?  and quite big ! id say would love his help with #slugwars	0
damn sorry i missed it!!!	0
ahh lucky you	1
dont remind me . 	1
should find out for me	0
i give up!	1
i give up!	1
thank you	0
hey ,   ,  i wonder - whats your favorite brainstorming method ? 	0
just served a really cute girl & had to tell her i didnt have her size shoe and she looked so crushed and now i feel really bad	1
i want some chicken tenders and fries	0
"youth day 15th june its the only place to be .  bring your chinas and your chinas chinas  .  .  . 	0
i just bought spotify premium ,  i am now the happiest person alive .  . 	0
i should stop now .  .  . 	0
im your newest texas roadhouse server	0
awww vaper	1
so thankful to have weekends off . 	1
hart dropping the f bombs #engwal	0
no problem	0
& it got everything to do with you right yeah dont call my gf dumb again thankss	0
everytime im on facetime with lanny she got me on paused bitch thats not how ft work	2
everytime im on facetime with lanny she got me on paused bitch thats not how ft work	4
soon	0
niggas love tryna be something they not	0
wish i had a girl so she could get rid of these knots in my back	1
im an asshole dude	0
thunder is so calming to me	0
why am i still hungry	2
oh i bet they did .  too bad that poussey is like the five hundredth poc gay woman killed on tv .  yeah ,  so revolutionary . 	2
oh i bet they did .  too bad that poussey is like the five hundredth poc gay woman killed on tv .  yeah ,  so revolutionary . 	4
pt2 tomorrow smash or blocked	0
mom told jesse to steal some mangos next to someones house	0
uploaded .  team chinoy in the north #asapnowshowing	0
you can rt yourself now ?  lit	0
no way is jim carrey 53 years old	3
no way is jim carrey 53 years old	5
i get my manager shirt now	0
crying bc i just got home and all i wanted to do was sleep but i have to be at work at 10 tonight	1
feeling ill now something good to happen i think i deserve it	4
august 3rd cant come soon enough right now	1
i need a blunt like fr	2
i need a blunt like fr	4
copy copy	0
is it to late to say sorry	1
i want to hug chanyeolie	1
mommy i need your sweet yes for shawn mendes live in manila	1
some people are so damn mean to their ex	0
i have til monday but still no invite thats cold	0
i need to go to a car wash its been a minute	0
everybody getting my snap today	0
i had both the blue raspberry and strawberry ,  couldnt decide on wich flavor i wanted lolol	0
then id take him from you	0
brews after work	0
thanks fam me you and shifty need the hop back on the mic soon	0
also ive read the link you linked us before!!! i forgot to tell you lol it was soooooooo hahahahaha	2
thank you!	0
watching christina grimmie videos makes me cry again . 	1
you done fucked up	0
you done fucked up	1
me too ,  i just heard his songs not even a week ago	0
forreal	1
a bullet shot by	3
a bullet shot by	5
i got a new number	0
just got woken up thinking someone was breaking in then realised the parents are back from their holiday	1
just got woken up thinking someone was breaking in then realised the parents are back from their holiday	5
not use to sleeping alone	1
thanks	0
so i just woke up .  .  .  lol i wont see bey until i come across some videos . 	1
dont pay my twitter any attention .  its just my thoughts & my opinion	0
bounce back from everything even the worst im good im straight do ya hear me	0
of course i will talk to u its always great talking to u	0
i suspect england will be wishing they had drawn farmfoods instead of iceland !!!	0
yah join the lifetime movie club	0
yah join the lifetime movie club	0
i can honestly say im happy wit life right now	0
ramadan represents understanding and judgment between the right and wrong ,  between the truths and h…	0
why cant i find the live stream online	1
every last one of em	0
i got ya man & u cant do anything about it	0
i used to fw you heavy like last summer but that went no where youre cool though	0
i told em pop out & pull up ,  he say wanna kill me  .  why he acting scary	1
why do you have to belittle everything people say- do something better with your time	0
hes taking his sweet time like im not waiting for him	1
sorry ,  once again for being so inactive!	2
sorry ,  once again for being so inactive!	5
happy birthday!	0
oh dont you worry about me ,  im doing jusssttttt fine	0
finding dory was absolutely precious	0
i dont wanna go to work	1
my favourite thing about this is hes my favourite member	0
good job condor #thevampsonradio1	0
what is wrong with the wifi ? !	1
good vibes only	0
thank you	0
nothing like a pint before a flight . 	0
thank you!	0
its all good ,  my grandparents live up there ,  so you wont need to provide housing for me	0
lolol were best friends when it gets to alcohol	0
ive had "piano man" stuck in my head since the moment i thought id get to see earlier today	1
new friends  ?  you dont even have friends jk	0
new friends  ?  you dont even have friends jk	0
what such a dream is that a nightmare ?  because its like horror for me that my ex is my classmate and im a warfreak student	0
ladki hona zada mushkil h .  boys r allowed to do anything they want whereas girls r refrained from doing so . …	2
ladki hona zada mushkil h .  boys r allowed to do anything they want whereas girls r refrained from doing so . …	4
ppl really childish	0
im backkkkk	0
ya thats true	1
you made me so hungry im bout to have that for dinner tonight	0
you made me so hungry im bout to have that for dinner tonight	1
bron gon fight a random person ? 	0
you are on swedish time forever now ,  might as well just pack up and move here permanently . 	0
want my boyfriend to come back	1
ooms is perfect	0
good morning	0
panama a goal up against #chile !! #copaamerica is the shittt!! #chipan	5
thank you , uni!	0
back at it again	1
looool much rather have one for sankeys than levels	1
well thats not going to get me very far on google . 	0
im about to lose my voice	1
trust me ,  i know	0
how can you not love tyler hubbard ?  #fgl	0
i hope this is a temporary feeling ,  cause its too much to bare	1
i did look at the mirror	1
godd thing i already have the first part over and done with i think it went good .  will have the second part later and say what i got x3	0
im so happy my mom is finally back	0
maybe in a year	0
dating me like - hey ,  i love you - wait ,  im eating now	0
dating me like - hey ,  i love you - wait ,  im eating now	0
reading the parklife festival line up thinking i fucked up	1
its nice to have someone who can make you smile even when they are not around	0
had dumb fun	1
eating a vanilla ice cream bc its laurens birthday	0
still getting asked for id to go see a ma movie as a 19 year old .  .  .  good to know i still look younger then 15! #areyouseriousmate	3
still getting asked for id to go see a ma movie as a 19 year old .  .  .  good to know i still look younger then 15! #areyouseriousmate	5
i dont have a cake but ill eat lots of food instead to make up for it love you lots ,  thank you!	0
girl ,  if you dont	0
why do i find swallowing tablets so hard	1
and i need this swelling to go down ,  you cant even see my dimples my cheeks are so fat	2
and i need this swelling to go down ,  you cant even see my dimples my cheeks are so fat	4
when my bape jacket come im never taking it off so yeah	0
talkingg shit bout a bitch then kiking it w her & taking pixs fakeee	0
yeaa we shall see	2
yeaa we shall see	4
definitely! its pretty big	3
definitely! its pretty big	5
you know i have trypophobia ,  i cant deal what that it gives me anxiety its disgusting	1
no im not	0
yassss !! your slaying gonna buy a top	0
omg my calves	1
because youll follow me	0
*watching tv* "what is this ,  the adams family ? " "its modern family .  .  . " how do you mix those up ?  #littlebrotherthings	0
my gold focus is back in the shop waiting for the air conditioner to be fixed .  i feel bad for the that you gave a heartache	0
ive been careful and all to not even liking your tweets but now you found out that i stalk you	1
soak city tomorrow	0
i swear i can get any one of my exs back with no problem i juss dont want they ass they fucked up with me	0
lmfao ! she tried though	0
ard dont matter to me  ,  dont forget my love	0
so cute and your highlight is always poppin	0
im so glad you did ,  i absolutely loved it ,  your country is so gorgeous ,  it makes me want to go there badly ,  now	0
my heart goes out to family & to the families of all those affected in any way from the orlando shooting .  make it stop . 	1
single people are bitter	0
something about them leos	0
youre welcome #mtvawardsstar one direction	0
i want some chips and a turkey sandwich	0
you smoking dick if you tho k im finna beg you to talk to me remember 1 point i didnt even know you it can go…	0
gonna surprise my mom by buying notre dame tickets for this season	0
i always love your outfits and we def need to hang sometime	0
wait ,  can you read minds ?  i just liked the tweet i love it! it looks so organized	0
wait ,  can you read minds ?  i just liked the tweet i love it! it looks so organized	0
wait ,  can you read minds ?  i just liked the tweet i love it! it looks so organized	5
graduation party tonight and nothing to wear	0
aint shit	0
my mom went and got it for me she tossed it on my bed and i freaked out	0
we got to make the gram live again	1
all comes down to me & you .  .  . forever you and me .  . after all . 	0
all comes down to me & you .  .  . forever you and me .  . after all . 	0
load of toe it was .  .  dont understand it so i dont bother xxx	0
he went on a twitter rant saas his tl bruv .  shit this boy! what has he done this time  ? "	0
if you gonna dry text me dont text me at all please	0
very few things can be compared to a game 7 nba finals .  no basketball till october olympics though	0
very few things can be compared to a game 7 nba finals .  no basketball till october olympics though	1
happy 21st to my girl muff have funnnnnn	0
happy 21st to my girl muff have funnnnnn	0
yeah i was lurking	0
about to make some bomb ass tamales	0
my life is hella boring	1
vice #showtimepanalunes	0
mykey is a funny mf	0
exhausted is an understatement	3
going now	0
lmao .  dey goin in on brain-dead fans .  . bih been exploitin da lgbt community fa years fa profit and dey juss figuring it out!	0
do saints have wannabes then  ?  ?  who knew	0
done .  go to yah step fathers house	0
if you wasnt there for me when i was all alone ,  then bitch dont expect no love when im back	2
people are gone hate whether your doing bad or good	0
penalty kicks are more stressful the more i learn about football #polpor	3
penalty kicks are more stressful the more i learn about football #polpor	5
this wed ,  alfred will cook for breakfast	2
watched catfish and the bottlemens set at glastonbury last night and it was amazing wish i could have been there	1
hit this awesome guy up boys/guys hes single af ; ) follow him!	0
lmaoooo noo them shits suck	0
aye .  kma people dying everyday abale . 	1
one teams in 1st place the other in last a’s going for the sweep	0
kyrie best layup package in the league	4
i road i live on was twisty & full of potholes .  they paved it and now its twisty & #vroomvroom	0
still horrified over these shootings in orlando i know that theres not much a tweet can do my my thoughts go out to everyone affected	1
still horrified over these shootings in orlando i know that theres not much a tweet can do my my thoughts go out to everyone affected	4
yo rashed! how goes it ?  did you hear the defenders and ghost rider will fight mephisto ? 	0
apiiii bdy sweety:birthday_cake::kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes: .  . @sparshinsan may ji bless you with alot of happiness  ,  #truereligion…	0
did we actually just lose to iceland what a fucking joke!!!!!	2
for the underdog every time! the irish ones actually pretty cool	0
okayyy	0
just paint a picture yourself .  also you would start out more likely at a 4 so you would be a zero with these one	1
nah its me	0
love you more make this day your bitch	0
i know gave me false expectations	0
what i said in the gm  ,  right now to me kobe is cuz i never seen jordan in his prime but lebron win this bro	1
awesome	0
lol dammit .  marietta diner ?  we aint never been there	0
you cant put me onna spot like that	0
she hollin like i cant get personal too	0
youre my favorite that smoothie is my favorite everyone go to jamba and see maggie	0
2 spaces	0
theres so many hot guys going to my college omg	1
i already seent it .  .  . you didnt come up with that shit . 	0
so proud of you	0
you know what i meant .  cant wait!	0
damn youre good kittycat!!!	0
too sleepy	1
ew i hate going on girls instas and only seeing selfies like wtf do you do anything else	0
my account got hacked yes .  the ffs to please	0
good morning guys have a nice day	0
good morning guys have a nice day	0
what was this tweet to ? 	0
finding dory next week with erica && trisha	0
if you dont have haters ,  your dreams arent big enough	0
independence day .  .  .  .  take that how you will	0
the #treatyoubetter cover is out tomorrow think you guys will like this one!! #btbshawn #btbfam #besidethebridge	0
my snapchat story from last night is hilarious	0
aawww .  .  sorry about that sir .  ramadan kareem to you and the mrs . 	0
omg this so relevant rn like it dont even matter anymore	1
to make some kook-aid sure or dinner	0
i hope my swelling only continues to reduce cant afford another day off work	1
its gonna fly by then ill be a senior like we werent all little rugrats not too long ago	1
only time i have a good attitude durning a shift too ,  oops	0
i finally caved and bought a few weddings appropriate dresses so s/o to everyone getting married in their 20s that made it necessary	2
i finally caved and bought a few weddings appropriate dresses so s/o to everyone getting married in their 20s that made it necessary	4
yep bc is other end of canada ,  and we use celsius here hehe but hell love bc its stunning	0
hahahaha oh jake:face_with_tears_of_joy:thank you though! hopefully the fam will al get together soon	0
how the hell you got baby fever in your early 20s ? 	3
how the hell you got baby fever in your early 20s ? 	5
cant wait to be consuming my body weight in alcohol tonight	0
that makes you sound like an alcoholic man	0
i can have whoever i want	0
it really was yummy rico	0
love it	0
hell yea	1
practice today	1
thank you so much and we will change that this school year i promise	2
thank you so much and we will change that this school year i promise	0
i need to get my hoes up	0
do i want to know why you need a door for  ? 	0
ohhhhh shit cuz he jus came for us harddd .  .  .  . he whack ass hell his show aint even pop	0
ohhhhh shit cuz he jus came for us harddd .  .  .  . he whack ass hell his show aint even pop	1
is it the actual written word emoji ? 	0
i see you snakes	0
saturday ,  but im only down for two weeks . 	0
from the bike ?  you must be so unfit	5
snapchat me	0
so i just saw the movie "me before you" and .  .  .  .  i leave the theater pissed off and crying!	2
im getting my braces baaaaccck	0
been so long	0
how embarrassing	0
and i just wanna hang out with your sweet & smart-assy handsome self	0
thats my bf	0
when you find out you can play unlimited golf for free when you go to maryland	0
hes tryna put his asparagus inside of you	0
omg ,  im so scared im on a car with a girl taking her first ever driving lesson thats always scary	1
omg ,  im so scared im on a car with a girl taking her first ever driving lesson thats always scary	5
its okay!!! thank you	0
its okay!!! thank you	0
book ei ,  after kpor oi #silverbirdfmmn one more night baby gimme .  .  .  #onemorenight	5
but i already said no! inde sha pwede mag brother	1
sometimes i see pics of couples going on cute dates & i get rlly sad bc most of the time my bf is asleep before i even get off work	1
deadass  ,  like i feel like i only watched 5 episodes .  .  i even went back to make sure i aint skip one .  i really finished it	1
vitaly was the guy that ran on the court tonight	3
vitaly was the guy that ran on the court tonight	5
that eye contact while giving head is also lit ,  my friends .  especially when you know you give fire head .  make him look at you	0
thanks whore	0
awww thandha weather ho gaya	0
it is 84°f (29°c) at 6am with a high of 111°f (44°c) hows the weather for everyone else ? 	1
it is 84°f (29°c) at 6am with a high of 111°f (44°c) hows the weather for everyone else ? 	1
it is 84°f (29°c) at 6am with a high of 111°f (44°c) hows the weather for everyone else ? 	4
it is 84°f (29°c) at 6am with a high of 111°f (44°c) hows the weather for everyone else ? 	1
who dre ?  cause i do not listen to him he is horrible to me	0
never know who you may need one day	0
gm all .  have an awesome day	0
best believe i retweeted all my shit	0
ive actually got so much hope for england for this tournament ,  its a feeling ive never really experienced before	0
looking for more people to follow on #pinterest ,  send me your usernames im lifeinlustre	0
looking for more people to follow on #pinterest ,  send me your usernames im lifeinlustre	0
oh dang ,  that sounds right too	0
saybaweli cake .  .  ayphumi lecake date invite potential baes ?  ? 	0
saybaweli cake .  .  ayphumi lecake date invite potential baes ?  ? 	0
saybaweli cake .  .  ayphumi lecake date invite potential baes ?  ? 	1
saybaweli cake .  .  ayphumi lecake date invite potential baes ?  ? 	1
i love that one	0
running man challenge #aldubthesender callesiete movingtomabuhay	0
yeah ,  do you know what that means ?  we are pretty rad! seriously though ,  thank you!	0
im sooooo happy o dont close tmr	0
nahh she just made me mad	0
rs  ,  ill never broadcast another one of my relationships on social media ever again ill just tweet about it or make a status	0
rs  ,  ill never broadcast another one of my relationships on social media ever again ill just tweet about it or make a status	0
heneral luna on screen	0
i can barely see	1
bro i see some like everyday !!	1
ok ,  someone needs to make some family trees for me .  i need to this all on paper .  #gameofthrones	0
love surprises but itll keep me up now	0
love surprises but itll keep me up now	0
when	0
haley only went to sleep because you started playing video games	0
oh my god my dad so savage	1
mall time	0
awww yeah! i cant think of anything better ,  though we must be wary of spoilers	0
what 2 feel	1
i am basically a walking band advertisement	0
but i want my own shit	3
but i want my own shit	5
fathers day surprises coming	0
i still like the phone thats at the bottom of the lake	0
im on snapchat she so bad	0
im on snapchat she so bad	0
i need to add you to my body chat app	0
everytime i watch fast & furious 7 i get in my feelings	1
why does my neighbour think its acceptable to cut the grass so hes been doing it for a good hour	3
why does my neighbour think its acceptable to cut the grass so hes been doing it for a good hour	5
glad you had a great time ,  leyton!	0
says every girl who tweets emotional song lyrics i know the game ive played myself	0
today is #xboxe3 .  yay excited for the trailer reveals #fingerscrossed for a #southparkthefracturedbutwhole trailer . 	0
some people aint down to ride with you through the struggle like that	0
ahhhh you know me too well ahahahahkshsjs	0
true	0
miss you too once this is done come over and visit me and  ?  xx	1
thank you for driving me home again even mom says thank you hugs! see you soon .  ty ty ty . 	0
bouta take me a shower & go to sleep	1
someome motivate the shit out of me	1
ive been a fan since 7th grade though ,  i showed you who he was	1
trinity be on some lame shit	2
trinity be on some lame shit	4
as long as you dont steal any of them	0
i wanna b attached to someone i wanna make them happy	1
cant wait to have a successful career and a beautiful family	0
i love watching cardyn sleep ,  he looks so peaceful .  makes me forget about all my worries . 	0
too late to join the gang	0
congrats on graduating ,  should hmu sometime	0
great listening to ady "sul man" on #bbc1xtra happy youve come this far tho! been my no1 artist for some time now	0
you seen them ? 	3
you seen them ? 	5
cuz he yo bf	0
jamal gone be surprised when i pop up with my black ass boyfriend	0
deeeeeb need to talk ,  me urge	0
sex with me so amazing #confident	2
my baby name is spelt kylan && he ight  .  just tell me those magic words	0
yo i eat rice like everyday	1
mine was after a bottle of wine at new years	0
it was lit last night	0
when did it become the middle of june already! ?  ?  summer ,  slow down . 	3
when did it become the middle of june already! ?  ?  summer ,  slow down . 	5
do you want it ?  i can give it to you	0
ey dont ruin it for me lad	0
youre not wrong looool lets just say you have many talents	0
my friends say im sus but i dont see it	3
super excited	0
no i didnt even celebrate my bday	0
i love you koooooooy!	0
all girls wanna do is sit on your phone and waste your battery	2
all girls wanna do is sit on your phone and waste your battery	4
youre so nice ! made my day i will for sure thanks	0
youre so nice ! made my day i will for sure thanks	0
youre so nice ! made my day i will for sure thanks	0
youre so nice ! made my day i will for sure thanks	1
dude the neighbors have a party and are playing only ramón ayala songs . 	0
i have tweetin spells ill tweet den be gne	1
this weekend was the best ive had in ages	0
woke up to find out warriors took an l	3
woke up to find out warriors took an l	5
actually less than two days	0
bitch eyebrows look like bushes	0
i cant forget habus set	1
listening to my co-workers talk to their wives makes me literally never want to get married .  seriously . 	4
ronaldo isnt (that) beautiful . 	1
im sliced	0
people so disrespectful putting olives on pizza what is this	0
we have to get it from someone down the line .  i def have my dads anger issues .  lol	0
omg typical max i miss your fam	1
omg typical max i miss your fam	5
loved your article in the sunday times	0
you dont want no smoke you dont want no cancer	4
oilers ,  that trade is .  .  .  .  interesting .  .  .  . 	3
oilers ,  that trade is .  .  .  .  interesting .  .  .  . 	5
i ain even finna speak up on shit	0
lmao this just what the white man wants ,  for us to turn on eachother	0
leo season coming soon	0
jaidin finna kill us	0
all ive done this summer is drive ,  workout ,  and take naps	0
were 26 this year	1
she made that pussy soft wtf	0
i want icecream	1
i cant sleep@@@@ i wanna sleep now so i can wake up at 3 am for joes video	1
or literally ignoring questions	0
english astronaut asking fo rain after landing ffs	0
i call some people by their first initial and last names	0
when being hopeful is a #superpower .  .  .  .  . 	0
dope pic thanks dude	0
cau if ima hit her  ,  ima quit herrr	0
hehe how cute happy bday vishal ji	0
hehe how cute happy bday vishal ji	0
brittany & jade are sleeping and im lonely af	1
my ankle	1
it issssss	0
ps .  sorry my brother literally screamt mimicking sharmili de nurse	2
ps .  sorry my brother literally screamt mimicking sharmili de nurse	5
mina and sejeong are in i . o . i but what i dont understand is nayoung was also on pd101 and she was 14th out of 101 girls	0
my uncle keeps muting the tv	1
everytime i ask my child anything now his reply is yeaaaaaah quite amusing	0
i just dont know what should i write	1
i saw this a while ago and i started dying	0
still eating	1
u mean ag & my bf did u know what .  .  .  oh thats why he doesnt follow her secret is out boy . 	5
they were even money .  .  .  they beat wales & nz along the way #cert	2
they were even money .  .  .  they beat wales & nz along the way #cert	5
oh shit i thought it would be somewhere else but alright bet ! im in that bitch for sure now	0
but your not relate much baby girl ? 	0
what the fuck does that have to do with pride ?  gtfo with your ignorant logic . 	0
hello gorgeous	0
girl but dont worry ,  ill be there thanksgiving	0
lmaoo bp i said the same thing bro ,  vince was legendary but what zach was doing nba has never seen that and it was easy tohim	3
lmaoo bp i said the same thing bro ,  vince was legendary but what zach was doing nba has never seen that and it was easy tohim	5
because theres one word different and having "best" rather than "first" is clearly my way of hating jared	3
wow!! #pleasesaysomething would fit right into buddy hollys apt . tapes #compliment love love	0
glad i still live at home	0
today been a good day so far ! lets see how the night go	2
ive become the worst manager	0
omg mama fizzy gives me life	0
ahh samme	1
i really want some beer	1
that emma is ruthless	4
thank you so much!!	0
its sad how massive i feel and look but i only weigh 117	2
its sad how massive i feel and look but i only weigh 117	4
i can learn you greek	0
bruh i try so hard to keep my cool but man oh man	0
im soo ready for bed tonight	0
not going through this no more	1
love you too bitch dont make me cry	0
love you too bitch dont make me cry	1
please sasha!!	0
happy fathers day daddy jk jk	0
happy fathers day daddy jk jk	0
ready to freak the fuck out no body puts there hands on my mom without a bat going into there skull	4
told fadli that theres this particular instructor who looks like dee kosh  ,  next moment after our prac he went to tell him	0
kali was so turnt last night like she turn up	0
lmaooo see everything worked out	0
ask me first next time	0
chao	2
good morning directioners	0
you just worry about not being late	3
you just worry about not being late	5
its a secret	0
2nd week of classes ?  picture taking na agad bukas	0
dont fake fuck with me cause ill real life cut you off	0
why doesnt 1d have any lyrics about being 17	2
packed everything and still dont know what to wear  .  . 	1
you have gorgeous smile i hope you have a wonderful weekend also you have beautful photo i love you	0
you have gorgeous smile i hope you have a wonderful weekend also you have beautful photo i love you	0
hope youre enjoying yours too	0
i just fucked up!	1
syteria always text me & tell me she love me after she post some stupid ass bullshit she do me so wrong	2
syteria always text me & tell me she love me after she post some stupid ass bullshit she do me so wrong	4
syteria always text me & tell me she love me after she post some stupid ass bullshit she do me so wrong	1
ouch	1
- i got this	0
dont lie to me especially if you not even my bitch .  period . 	2
dont lie to me especially if you not even my bitch .  period . 	4
i read that you grew up poor ,  i can relate ,  i cant afford anything .  why is la so expensive ? 	5
my granny was so mad when trell called her a " bitch ass nigga " she said she wanted to whoop him	0
seriously shit blows & im not the one looking stupid	0
i got 2 mo years	1
"youve done it 100 times"	0
i need to see you before i have an emotional breakdown . 	1
im such a crybaby im so true to my sign!	1
tired of being inlove	0
i just have to say ,  the promotion (in particular the promotional art) for is top notch .  not a single bad poster .  #hyped	0
i heard	1
loved that message in the film "go! bad things happen! you can still live!" #super8	0
mood	1
why you worried ? 	0
dre went to go play basketball	1
you guys looked amazing	0
cant imagine a 2nd #eureferendum after all that mess	1
rocking and cool yaar	0
rocking and cool yaar	0
j u l y	0
niggas be acting like straight geechies omks	1
i slept sooooo good	1
bitch .  who do you love ? !	0
wish i was going to the show tonight	1
whats wrong ,  little lady ?  you seem upset	1
whats wrong ,  little lady ?  you seem upset	3
i got a letter from that vector company that everyone is saying is a scam and now im scared	1
cannot	0
im being foreal damn you act like all i do is	0
im being foreal damn you act like all i do is	1
and they said it was stephs league now .  sike . 	0
ok blow up his phone	0
my ipad’s gone alr lmao … now i’m using laptop the whole time	0
congratulations to on your win at #mlganaheim	0
but you know me ,  idgaaff friends arent shit anyways	0
i will never just sit there n watch my child cut up or be disrespectful or beg all day!	1
i had a dream about pancakes	0
not looking forward to tomorrow	1
this ride today gone kill in tired of riding in a car tbfh	4
this ride today gone kill in tired of riding in a car tbfh	1
i miss you more ,  you and were the highlights of my day	2
i miss you more ,  you and were the highlights of my day	4
they are so dumb	1
they are so dumb	4
i got a lot of stuff on my chest but i wont speak because i know it wont even matter	4
dont even have people to talk to anymore	2
dont even have people to talk to anymore	4
change is good ,  so ive heard	0
hahaha wait what ?  idk if that makes sense or i cant read	0
my mama really think im crazy	1
yes they will!!! the blind cant see & the deaf cant hear!!! i miss you all!! god bless & keep you!	0
cant believe im going to get this piercing	0
youre welcome and i hope it works	0
this is what i have to put up with! thanks boys! #teaandcrumpets	0
shopping day w should be fun next week	0
my hat	0
i was wondering why my head was hurting so bad but then i forgot i got my rook pierced too today .  .  .  that shit is so painful rn	1
mall by myself tomorrow	0
mad asf me and didnt hang before he left	2
mad asf me and didnt hang before he left	4
ian and i are growing out man buns for chads wedding next year	0
i forgot how wild	1
i gotta movie hop to conjuring again i fell alsleep	1
lazy mondaaah	0
i cant take yall	1
yall hoes went to college and got big	0
cutest of fams wow	0
i work and i close i wouldve totally came! i hope you all have fun though! drink a few brews for me	0
i work and i close i wouldve totally came! i hope you all have fun though! drink a few brews for me	1
my heart is broken ion think imma recover from this bs	0
my heart is broken ion think imma recover from this bs	3
my heart is broken ion think imma recover from this bs	5
im sleepy	0
i just think is it .  any more questions ? 	0
i cant see what they replied im blocked	0
its a lot of shit lebron lacks ,  offensive versatility ,  consistent jumper ,  the mentality	1
yeah dude no thanks	1
sell as is to the new renter	0
lil pete got too much sense man	0
me too! im still laughing	0
dont be	0
he messy	1
so .  theres an openly sexist professor at my uni .  im disgusted . 	4
happy freaking birthday!!!! i hope you have a blast	0
im the happiest ive ever been in a long time and nothing will ruin that . 	0
i miss you more deahhh	0
and somehow ,  no hit batters	0
yall remember the pacer test ? 	1
thank you	0
you know that its some straps in the club ,  they let my crew in	0
so long gay boys	0
lmao hmm we will have to do some planning then .  we can go to beach but im warning you ,  my belly aint wid	0
who wanna text	0
the potato	1
awwww i miss u too	1
#growingupwithlenientparents wish i could relate	0
if i tell my bitch get em then she got em im telling you watch em	0
if i tell my bitch get em then she got em im telling you watch em	0
i want to have a spoil me day where babe takes me to get my nails and hair done .  then gives me her card so i can buy everything i want	0
cant wait for next weekend	0
you know it	0
artsypeach	0
and honestly im content with that	0
i think i got like 65k .  wonder if we will get some for fc	0
i still have underwear with the tags on it i need to stay away from vs	2
i still have underwear with the tags on it i need to stay away from vs	4
my favorite pen finally bit the bullet	1
did everybody forget luke harper already ? 	1
boo i got you	0
these hoover graduation snapchats are making me wanna cry i wanna graduate already .  .  three days	1
same	1
i cannot talk to somebody my age or younger than me	1
ah- yes liam is phenomenal ,  isnt he ? 	0
prayer is the best medicine	0
not follow me and i not follow you	0
afrizzlee areuthe1 not the wisest decision youve made ,  my friend #ayto	4
like that ?  ? 	5
i hope my baby dont be ah cry baby	1
im trying to get like you	1
people are nothing but just a tremendous source of disappointments .  .  ,  #just_a_thought_or_so #prt	0
you sicko ! leave her alone !	2
i just watched 14 hours worth of teen wolf i think i have a serious problem the new season needs to come out soon or i might die	1
i just watched 14 hours worth of teen wolf i think i have a serious problem the new season needs to come out soon or i might die	1
i just watched 14 hours worth of teen wolf i think i have a serious problem the new season needs to come out soon or i might die	3
i just watched 14 hours worth of teen wolf i think i have a serious problem the new season needs to come out soon or i might die	5
of course .  if you can drag your butt out of bed .  some of us have been up for a couple of hours already	0
"why dont you ever hang out with us ? " bc im never invited to hang out with you ?  ?  ? 	0
thank you ralion!!	0
oh vaite fuder maseeee	0
gbts until my gf wake up	0
feels so good	1
i have a feeling i wont get sick of the song tuxedo	0
- thanks! you as well!	0
my pleasure! i look forward to see you in wiesbaden tomorrow! hanover was amazing!	0
my pleasure! i look forward to see you in wiesbaden tomorrow! hanover was amazing!	0
ive been awake since 9:45 but still havent gotten out of bed	0
we have known each forever .  you are practically a sister! but ya know im always there for ya when you get sad	0
we have known each forever .  you are practically a sister! but ya know im always there for ya when you get sad	0
i wanna wake up to a gm message  .  .  #wishfulthinking	0
girl stawpppp look at you	0
my brother took all the video games when he moved out so all i have is harvest moon	1
what effect ? 	0
no doubt	0
donald is such a dirty albino dog	2
donald is such a dirty albino dog	4
ill tell you	0
lebron haters	0
tysm and so are you!!	0
you dirty birdy	3
you dirty birdy	5
how ?  its a good song	0
home alone	0
happy friday	0
no you should see mine! lmao thats why i just throw stuff in a gift bag . 	0
i miss manyah	1
i hate these apartments i only come outside when im leaving or going to my cousin house	1
hey people	0
grocery shoppin tonight was my workout !	0
citizen cope	0
jordan got the tickets im sorry	1
happy birthday hope you have a splendid day	0
i have like 11 sign ups via my link for sofar .  thanks guys .  x	0
guide me tom a ha love you po	0
sorry .  .  . 	0
nugget porn is fascinating what do you think	0
same	1
my problem is gettin up to go get em	1
thanks abbey love you!	0
just had a bath but pretty sure i still smell like raw meat from all the feeds today	4
i need friends	1
wishing i was back home to see play tonight . 	1
omg yes!! i will defintely sell it without hesitation just let him do the cover then deal	0
ok its official i have no friends	0
holy shit	4
so eggcited to get my go pro tomorrow	0
i think so but isnt it too fast to have that result ?  i mean it takes time to lose weight .  .  .  hope she didnt starve herself	1
finna eat & go to sleep	1
i would of cry and die there	1
she a dime	0
meez ?  i was the perfect las…	0
lgta hai meray iftaar meal m kisi n kuch milaya hova tha .  sudden attack of sleep	1
dude i never sleep	1
not u	0
legit ? 	0
naaw! we wish you the best!	0
pull up hampton crest	0
oh sure ,  when im not there	1
i got a whole attitude for no reason	1
if you see a video camera you gotta run to@make the cops show	0
im dead lets pull up tomorrow .  i needa go grocery shopping anyways	0
can not wait to be in my bed watching movies till i fall asleep	0
ill just that be known when it comes down to the swinging though .  ill let her sleep on me for a little bit longer . 	0
i threw away my moms cajun lasagna and she got mad	0
nothing more attractive than a woman that care so much she makes it be known	0
i love being high and if i could ill be high 25/8 365	0
not feeling work at all tomorrow	1
lol it was obvious you would say something naughty .  hahaha dont go	0
lol it was obvious you would say something naughty .  hahaha dont go	0
he resigned	2
wish you the best	0
so thats 4 birthday meals planned the perks of having divorced parents ,  good friends and an amazing boyfriend	0
that shirt tho	1
turned up to this course in gloucester for an hour and i drive past the place about 5 times good to start!	0
turned up to this course in gloucester for an hour and i drive past the place about 5 times good to start!	1
i feel bad i just told this man i didnt wanna hear his poem at the nail salon but i really dont feel like engaging right now	1
shut up bitch	0
my dessert for the next 19 days is fruit . 	1
came home & the wolf of wall street was on	2
i drop down to my knees thanking for life today .  goodmorning thanking god for waking me up this morning	0
them dayss	1
innocent isis civilians .  recently shaved in the middle of war	0
never called tho but its okay	0
i really just cant do it anymore .  .  . 	1
i just want a milkshake tho!	1
these so called inter .  organizations will never tell you where the african stolen monies are , and they will never blame their masters .  .  .  . 	0
these so called inter .  organizations will never tell you where the african stolen monies are , and they will never blame their masters .  .  .  . 	2
kicking butt in heads up right now	0
this man about to get his degree in architecture .  .  from texas .  .  can cook & plays football like this man was made for me  .  .  .  . 	1
qr mc donald	1
26 &lt ; &lt ;  l is a good kisser	0
dawg .  how tf did this alligator snatch this 2 yr old boy .  talking about they still looking for him .  that alligator ate him . 	1
hey big head	0
thank you!	0
mental breakdown	1
hahaha this is ridiculous !	0
im still mad you didnt tell me you were going	2
im still mad you didnt tell me you were going	4
i rather have a ass than titties lol	0
oh geez .  . are we ever going to get an australia ,  win two free tickets ,  just retweet etc ? 	1
learning chemicals on ukulele	0
what are you looking at waverly  ?  #renewwynonnaearp	0
somebody please help me	1
all the windows are open in my house and my next door neighbours have smoked weed now my whole fucking house stinks	2
it does  ?  lol i never smelled it	0
stoppppppp usually leaving them on read works for me	0
workin all day on my birthday ,  doesnt get better than that	0
girl whats your snap ?  ? 	1
thanks ma	0
thank you ,  my multi-talented daughter	0
cops is the funniest show	0
leave it to the russians to do some stupid shit	0
omg yes i love it	0
shit be blowing me mane	2
shit be blowing me mane	4
oh wow	0
you goin start w| me this early ?  i wanted gsw to win so i could blow your phone up but im not a hater ,  congratulations	0
fuck twitter	0
lmao right	0
my boys come back friday but my main man kenny leaves today and wont be back til next week	1
he was hopping you would cry !! get it cause onions make you cry	0
thats not a bad idea we have a surprise for you guys! stay tuned .  .  . we will an announcement soon	0
trade free 100x100 or tweet u go first for extras	0
bouta be on like popcorn  .  . 	2
bouta be on like popcorn  .  . 	5
when you walk into your old high school and all the security guards remember you lmaooo i wasnt that bad	0
cant tell you how many people have asked me what my last name is	0
no more late night ice-cream after this . 	4
i miss u gays already	1
ive worked there since january! they dont throw people in the fire like that	0
everybody out partying and im at home .  .  chillin	0
haha thanks so much!	0
so excited to see your performance and im not even going! i will definitely be watching at home though	0
was i told you when we were in the car on saturday brat	0
sorry classmates hahahah	0
if he respond to this dm ,  bitch you fucked up	2
youre making me want my bright hair back lol must stick with ginger hair haha	0
added cher lloyd on snapchat ,  life is complete	0
the fam	0
just watched the sound of music medley of ! amazing as always! the hills are alive!	0
and over too fast	1
so ,  for the next few years .  .  . i will not be dating .  i will not be played again .  cant be played if im not playing the game	0
ill probably regret drinking tonight ,  knowing i have workouts at 6am and 9am	0
all these fine niggas in uptown though	3
all these fine niggas in uptown though	5
i underestimated how many jobs i need to apply to before i hear anything .  . 	1
shocked cause ur now my dad proud because .  .  .  ur just daddy af !!!!! yay daddy af is home	0
whatever  .  .  im cooking though yassss	0
dont worry ill drive to you lol you was the first person i got high with after kash	0
anyway tay what did you think of payets top corner	3
anyway tay what did you think of payets top corner	5
should i do "types of friends" with my friends ? 	0
#nativeamericansbreaktheinternet howd i miss this  ? !	1
oh yes ,  hard & with pop-up bits! (ok damn ,  why did that just sound filthy ? !	0
oh yes ,  hard & with pop-up bits! (ok damn ,  why did that just sound filthy ? !	0
its been a week	1
its been a week	4
hahaha chissss word!!!! a pound only $1 . 37 in britain i know they getting hi…	1
hahaha chissss word!!!! a pound only $1 . 37 in britain i know they getting hi…	3
hahaha chissss word!!!! a pound only $1 . 37 in britain i know they getting hi…	5
am i the only person who gets pedicures but hates them ?  like i hate people touching my feet and giggle the whole time cause it tickles	0
you best believe i left his ass a note this morning talking bout i seent you ,  call me	0
oh no hope it goes well .  poor mombat	1
of course it does	0
lmaooooo what yall want me to bring  ?  ill bring that and my big toe	0
that part been stuck in my head all day so hopefully it wont be anymore	0
haha enough to drown my sorrows	0
so worried	1
chitato ,  life is never flat . 	0
is the mvp of the day for buying me ice cream is happy #foodlife	0
is the mvp of the day for buying me ice cream is happy #foodlife	1
better keep your rounds nigga	0
is the biggest hater on twitter ive ever seen	0
now watching a programme about elephants & trying out some ibuprofen gel i got from poundland #multitasking #smellsnice #drugs #gianthand	0
still dre day	0
i pop a pill and remember the look in his eyes the last day he saw me	1
im fr sad i didnt go get an icy tonight	1
i cannot wait for karma to beat the living hell out of some people	0
we are miss you  .  .  please come here	1
yeaaaaaaaa  ,  so now i have too go too the hospital  . 	2
yeaaaaaaaa  ,  so now i have too go too the hospital  . 	4
next year im barely gone see my baby only in the mornings then i go to otech	1
everything happens for a reason .  . 	0
beer gives back	0
extra edibles and a twilight zone marathon .  .  .  might not be the smartest thing . 	3
extra edibles and a twilight zone marathon .  .  .  might not be the smartest thing . 	5
inflation to hit a 2 . 4% increase this june .  well ,  hello salary increase .  .  . i hope you dont choke on coins	0
torchys queso	0
-not following each other -nice smile -looks like you like to have fun	0
-not following each other -nice smile -looks like you like to have fun	0
-not following each other -nice smile -looks like you like to have fun	0
i hope u keep n always wear my watch like i did . 	0
lol exactly! imagine him and donald trump teaming up	0
im done goodnight	0
nothin better than having someone else do your laundry	1
makeup slay on her sc story gives me life	1
its horrific i hate rollercoaster	1
i seriously dont recall loool	0
i wanna break night but niggas be too tired sometimes	0
i really need a puppy desperately bad i neeeeed a puppy	1
cooling with king	0
harry is so thicc	0
when you have two people who agree with u on what happened but still thinks shes like its ok but ur still wrong	0
when you have two people who agree with u on what happened but still thinks shes like its ok but ur still wrong	0
im so pissed	0
all this sneak for him he aint gon do shit but beg laryn to stay with him lmaooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo	0
i wouldnt be able to shoot anyone	0
i knew i loved her	0
couldnt finish watching celebrity bromance because i had school .  boooo the struggle of times zones	1
i guess ill continue to cruse tomorrow .  im done for today	0
road trips be like you - i cant sleep .  this road is too bumpy! im gonna throw up ! me - **snoring away in the back s…	0
thank you! it really does!	0
ive just found out that microwave in welsh is popty ping	0
i havent even ate yet but lemme tell you ,  this man fixes my plate & everything #goalsss	0
sara the capybara and otara the capybara	0
hell has frozen over .  .  .  played an entire round of golf with me and didnt do to bad .  #newgolfpartner	0
we were legit waiting 15 minutes before someone came to help us! and it was a mission to get out cause the angle	3
we were legit waiting 15 minutes before someone came to help us! and it was a mission to get out cause the angle	5
real talk though i had a blast ,  im gonna miss not going next year!	1
i cant sleep *plays never gonna give you up in max volume*	1
thank you!	0
i go with the flow	0
amen	0
i dont speak gibberish what does that mean ?  i was tryna figure it out for my best earlier but i couldnt	0
you could have at least helped guess at it!	0
accident	0
i cant even watch this game right now	1
belting run then ,  nice one! imagine the time you would get on a flat course then	5
janelle monae flexed her booty cheeks on nickelodeon bro	1
well i want a boyfriend like troy bolton now	2
well i want a boyfriend like troy bolton now	5
of course	0
the only reason ill give the benefit of the doubt is because this isnt ubisoft	0
the only reason ill give the benefit of the doubt is because this isnt ubisoft	3
the only reason ill give the benefit of the doubt is because this isnt ubisoft	5
thank you so much marissa im glad you guys be an friends and ill miss our walks thank you again	0
- you cute but you look young	0
aww anytime i always got you	0
my mom just put ketchup on her french toast	4
take that from a mormon who loves country music	0
hi good evening how are you thankyou so much for following me that is very kind of you	0
never been so ready to see you guys like i miss you guys so much	1
your my reason	0
we love making our customers feel a part of our team and growth #onekingdom	0
im so excited to work my first 10 hour shift!	2
im so excited to work my first 10 hour shift!	5
daaaaaaaaamn	0
if quincy combs at midtown this sunday im definitely there	0
i really cant stand talking otp .  ill watch my phone ring then text u & be like "whats up ? "	0
a lot of people dont	0
cavs 0-7 at the 3 point line  ?  your not warriors  .  .  .  stop shooting	0
i miss ya too wth	1
nah its mad tho cause stuart littles bird ,  was actually a fucking bird ,  my head is blagged	1
excited to see him tomorrow! maki-sleep over ako haha!	0
lolol im not even trying to do this in the asuci space cause i cant even get it to work with a group 6 people	0
i forget about tougaloo theyre so quiet lol	1
exactly	0
you know i stay turnt	0
key of a ,  ascendo #aldubebfathersday	0
not feeling being stuck inside day in day out	1
lol i really wanna buy insoles to make my classmates think i grew taller	0
boy i know you got a girl & you know i got a man  ,  so lets both respect the game & have a one night stand  . 	0
on everything they gotta buss draymond now	2
on everything they gotta buss draymond now	4
pre workout kicking in and everyone is driving slow af	2
pre workout kicking in and everyone is driving slow af	5
i hate missing tevins calls in the morning	1
i hate missing tevins calls in the morning	4
thats the only reason i started snapchat i dont use it for me	0
thats the only reason i started snapchat i dont use it for me	0
wayyyyy too tired right now . 	1
thanks a-rod!!!!	0
thanks	0
best games console ever	0
omg does the work at chipotle ! ? 	0
pretty much every game ,  i want to watch weber	0
so breakfast ,  popsicle sticks and then laundry .  .  .  lol whats next ?  playground ? 	0
ofcourse! why not ? 	0
no i have literally nothing to offer but house keeping skills okay deal ,  ill tramp it out for you haha	0
throat and head hurts studying and these packets are a dub	2
throat and head hurts studying and these packets are a dub	4
you get axed	0
we dont know alf but i think we just need to pray for now	1
dolapo now	1
bitte	0
i hope not ,  its such a cute show .  i know i saw! even though i havent watched my shows in a while	1
i hope not ,  its such a cute show .  i know i saw! even though i havent watched my shows in a while	1
holy shit!	5
same .  or atleast fairy tail game	1
thank you	0
im like 6 hours away	0
i always learn from my mistakes . 	0
you know a degree that takes you 6 years to complete cant be any good .  homebody spent more time being a canadian than being a student . 	0
my legs	1
still shipping him with audrey . 	0
when is gun control gonna start ?   ,  stop wasting innocent lives ,  #ripchristina	1
miley cyrus moving to monroe ?  what is the world coming to ? 	0
oh my shaun	3
oh my shaun	5
thats all folks so many fantastic chances! next match is ours #euro2016 #engslo #eng	1
mcdo is	0
durban fomo kicking in now	1
so true	0
i love good deals .  .  .  specially on makeup	0
srk toh srk hai wse clean shave tm bhi achi lg rhi kidding!!	0
srk toh srk hai wse clean shave tm bhi achi lg rhi kidding!!	0
thank you so much babe! yes ,  im trusting the person above .  tiwala everything will be fine iloveyou thank you again	1
thank you so much babe! yes ,  im trusting the person above .  tiwala everything will be fine iloveyou thank you again	0
i .  .  .  .  am .  .  .  .  weak tyleek you heard mr . moore say it on the announcements to get yo	0
those people who are willing to visit annabelle the doll are brave souls . 	5
celebrate the sablay first ,  ate .  hahahahaha! hashtag how to adult na	0
last year ,  on this date ,  we started our first day of internship .  this year ,  on this date ,  were gonna part ways . 	1
didnt get any sleep last night ,  people playing on my phone  ,  how old are we ? 	2
didnt get any sleep last night ,  people playing on my phone  ,  how old are we ? 	4
yes ,   ,  such an inspiring story ,  and i loved how being creative brought out so much in these young people . 	0
i want oreos and milk	1
never settle .  .  .  not even in friendships	0
effective 24/7	0
1st time is life .  yolo where im actually ill solo yolo	0
youre welcome	0
ill post that pic i put in yo dm	3
more like press the pink button xxx	0
what a lovely pic	0
i make better alice springs chicken than outback does	0
in a completely different state and i managed to find the plug	0
but these stupid ass guys took my wallet	1
me and have way to much fun with snap chat filters	0
slapping so much cash on her ass ,  almost broke my hand	0
nope	0
that explains so much!	0
august 20th were you at	0
day 3 of #lakeshake with my mommy .  she needed to see thomas rhett and jason aldean	0
well .  .  .  wish u luck! anw gudmorning	0
i learned how to pump my own gas today	0
so pretty	0
man yall cant get hurt every time someone talk shit bout yall	0
twitter is hella petty	0
2 outs man on second .  lets go bum!	2
its what i brought for lunch today . 	0
t . shawtyy_	2
thanks steve	0
better just dial it down a couple notches . 	0
i need me a red dot for my eyebrows	1
hate you	1
shower about to feel good as hell	0
back outside heres hamilton launching	0
why the fuck doesnt orlando have a geofilter	2
why the fuck doesnt orlando have a geofilter	4
"leslie the only fine skinny girl with a fat booty"	0
lmfao	0
not you ass	0
i got you bro even thoe im suppose to start my tolerance break tomorrow	0
i got you bro even thoe im suppose to start my tolerance break tomorrow	0
josh thinks he knows the perfect thing to get me for my birthday but im actually scared	0
after my birthday i cant drink no more  .  .  .  its not the same	0
lol thats terrible but i mean if it were my boyfriend i wouldnt dump him	0
lol thats terrible but i mean if it were my boyfriend i wouldnt dump him	1
theres only one food in my wish list for this ramadhan ambuyat	1
right how sad is that	0
dee this man hell but not for this reason you wanna know why suh ? 	1
come sit on the steps	0
school	1
school	4
when bae trys to sing	0
this shift is dragging!	1
theres a book ,  opened ,  in front of me .  but since i dont like it much and dont want to read it ,  im watching new girl on netflix	0
yeah ,  i want them all to see it	0
my interior designer is leaving me with no choice than to arrange /decorate my daughters room by myself , all these thousands for what now	2
my tl is a mess .  thats why they tell on me	1
good times	0
kyga are back together ?  ?  ? 	0
ayame said dane looked like a school shooter	1
ooo she like dat	0
when people thought that you are mix	0
imagine chestpaining in this weather	1
how yall let yall hair fall out yall to young for that	1
wanna name my daughter bayley bc i guarantee shell be my prodigy	0
lab puppies are so cute	0
thank you for following , looking forward to the tweets . have a great day	0
seen so many herschel backpacks today .  .  .  want one	1
stolen base for trouty!	0
i have yet to try them	0
"we have an extra ticket to the royals game ,  your boyfriend could come .  .  .  oh wait" getting sick of my moms jokes about my love life .  . 	0
yebonine shem having all the fun the #mtnjc20insd roadshow .  ngishiyeleni some fun	1
i think it will depend on the music used .  i quite like it	0
seen a old friend today	0
another sleepless night full with good thoughts ,  bad thoughts and whatever confusing thoughts in this mind	1
another sleepless night full with good thoughts ,  bad thoughts and whatever confusing thoughts in this mind	4
more than that - trey songz	0
haven eatin in 12 hours .  .  .  i just spent $9 . 94	0
debating if i should get a new hairstyle or not	1
wow! fabulous show .  but i have a strange feeling that i may be going to have some trouble with you guys  .  .  . 	3
wow! fabulous show .  but i have a strange feeling that i may be going to have some trouble with you guys  .  .  . 	5
damm ! my phone was dry today	1
but im not ugly lmao so nah i	0
hahahaha no joke your literally her idol . 	0
lucky you dont have to blow tonight	0
i love ya con con! stay positive and have a good life!!! thank you for everything youve done for us ilysm	0
let me be the bigger person .  #bclookwhosstillwinning #notyou	0
we will! thankyou	0
dont know what to eat	1
all day ,  till its light gray outside . 	1
girl ,  your eyelashes	0
shoutout to the cutie that winked at me in the terminal thats on my flight! see you when we land sunshine!	0
shoutout to the cutie that winked at me in the terminal thats on my flight! see you when we land sunshine!	0
hey we made it ,  including the stop at market basket ,  in plenty of time!	0
same here	0
cant sleep	1
a treat is good every so often .  check the labels though . 	3
im terrible ,  some trash ,  just like	0
its very sad that i have to go home tomorrow	1
dont take this out of context	4
im ready	0
holy shit!! he was on top of her! pressing his face on her neck deeply! now just dont dim the light #saddahaq	2
holy shit!! he was on top of her! pressing his face on her neck deeply! now just dont dim the light #saddahaq	2
holy shit!! he was on top of her! pressing his face on her neck deeply! now just dont dim the light #saddahaq	4
holy shit!! he was on top of her! pressing his face on her neck deeply! now just dont dim the light #saddahaq	5
positive	0
dude seriously! when she talks im like do you hear how stupid you sound you whore but yes hes so cute & a whore	0
man my sister got some fine ass friends	1
man my sister got some fine ass friends	5
stomach hurting so bad	1
my favorite	0
im all the way	0
so much for going up 3-0 now thanks!	2
so much for going up 3-0 now thanks!	4
mom will text me at 10:30 looking for me to be home at 11:30 .  pops wait til 1am to even gaf thats why i fwh but august hurry	0
lol see ya monday	0
lemme workout	1
we can do them once i get back from my trip	0
awww i cant wait to see you wednesday	0
i would do #blackboysbreaktheinternet but im ugly	1
lmao ima beat ya face to gods	0
he buying us all the same sneakers and getting us shirts made ,  like we already look alike	1
i was waiting on fb season any way	2
i was waiting on fb season any way	4
not me	1
since the 1950s ,  i think . 	0
true! and he loved you ,  and i love you!!	0
its from ferris beullers day off	0
been eek thirty years since ive been there .  dead jealous get a guitar full of coloured sand from alum bay	2
been eek thirty years since ive been there .  dead jealous get a guitar full of coloured sand from alum bay	5
ouch thats harsh telling her so blunt #loveisland	0
stop crying hehez	0
lost one of my favourite humans this past saturday	1
justice fuckn tweeted that but yo u right	1
omg im watching kyungsoos movie . 	0
or how am i already on the bus from the car park to work .  im absolutely shattered i could cry	1
hello! this is exos light ,  byun baekhyun speaking .  lets mingle well . 	0
im turn 20 soon .  wtf .  im getting old	1
trust me la	0
this fri ,  i will order for breakfast	5
beach day	0
wowww .  .  .  super .  .  then irumugan 1st show & 2nd show .  wagah 3rd show waiting for u & haridass fame gnr…	0
thanks lee and then i need a date night somewhere nice too so i can testdrive them xxx	0
thanks lee and then i need a date night somewhere nice too so i can testdrive them xxx	0
missing my baby brother growing up breaks my fucking heart	1
this group chat is blowing my phone all the way up im still waking up	0
hahahaha thank u jeky judiel rain	0
thank you pretty girl	0
is happily oblige bit imalready a follower	0
can wait until money in the bank #mitb	0
this talk with my parents made me change my perspective on things	0
woke up to some geezer in his pants trying to get on our room steamed off his tits	0
yo header	0
i dont see what you did wrong at all!!!	4
but i am all the way down in florida .  will you be coming anywhere closer to me ?  i always knew youd get here!!!	0
but i am all the way down in florida .  will you be coming anywhere closer to me ?  i always knew youd get here!!!	0
but to trust also is a choice .  even if weve been hurt thousand times ,  we can still choose to trust	0
thanks autumn	0
so many unfollowers just for expressing an opinion	0
much love nimko ,  ignore the dicks	0
like	1
i got you ill text you . 	0
oing	0
grabeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhh	0
2:00 and im still up	1
when comes over to my house and i have to borrow her tshirt cause i dont have one	0
vidcon was so much fun! loved meeting all of you thank you so much for this opportunity	1
vidcon was so much fun! loved meeting all of you thank you so much for this opportunity	0
im not complaining bout what no bitty do .  they come a dime a dozen .  .  i damn sure aint bout to pay a chick to hold me down	2
im not complaining bout what no bitty do .  they come a dime a dozen .  .  i damn sure aint bout to pay a chick to hold me down	4
ok will give it until 30 mins	0
seriously this is so sad	1
day 3 was great	0
gone now here again in 2 hours  .  fuck outta here  . 	0
girl yes	0
literally didnt watch the 4th quarter dealing with those children&&myself .  but it was over after the 1st quarter . 	1
b a s t a .  h o y s e e s t u d i a	4
congrats on winning prom	0
nobody make me laugh like asia	0
my dreams seem so real i think thats why i wake up scared . 	3
my dreams seem so real i think thats why i wake up scared . 	5
i laugh the hardest at cornerstone i swear . 	0
i always wanted to be a youtuber but i dont feel interesting enough	1
currently sittin at the pool bar drinking a cocktail and listenin to live music	0
people be lying for no reason like wtf you lying for	2
people be lying for no reason like wtf you lying for	4
wheres my bus ? 	0
u like giving rim jobs  ?  then ur perfect	0
ladies good doesnt mean yall in love and in a relationship ! stop harassing the girlfriends	0
the fathers day picnics use to be bussing when i was little girl	1
pimple	1
baby im needing you	0
low key miss my baby already	1
omfg yeah i saw that and when i did i laughed so hard bc of the logo ,  im dying again lmao	0
trevor also has a girlfriend oh wait thats you	0
trevor also has a girlfriend oh wait thats you	5
hi ,  goodmorning	0
oooo can i have a link to these dealz too ?  can never have too many toys	0
not as good as yours	1
need a big spoon and back tickles asap .  . 	1
sometimes i hate work &lt ; 	2
sometimes i hate work &lt ; 	4
tired isnt even the word	1
if we texting .  .  .  dont call me .  well u can but ima ignore you and text back "whats up"	0
dont have me waiting too long	1
the struggle ending up having a chili flames every single time	0
lmaoooooo and then i swallowed my peppermint swirl barbell . 	0
i might go to a party today	1
can i stunt  ? 	0
i am in such a good mood right now	0
my big big big love to n best wishes to the team	0
it girls	0
what a waste of time watching this copa america final just to think i ruined a couple of hours sleep for this	2
no life is better than that of a muslim proud to be a muslim .  alhamdu lillah !	0
cant wait for the england game #euro2016 #eng	0
loneliness is the worst feeling in the world	1
damn lebron makes the most annoying looks .  like dude your face needs to chill .  its like he wants them to get mad smh	2
damn lebron makes the most annoying looks .  like dude your face needs to chill .  its like he wants them to get mad smh	4
helloooooooo im still here	2
helloooooooo im still here	4
yay ok!! we can go to philz ! or get acai bowls either one	0
yay ok!! we can go to philz ! or get acai bowls either one	0
she has a reason to be hyped up thooooo .  but i cant change ur mind	2
she has a reason to be hyped up thooooo .  but i cant change ur mind	4
taking contacts out is easy .  putting them in is the hard part . 	1
i wish we would get vs in chillicothe .  columbus is just too far away . 	1
22 years young	0
youll be fine	0
oh honey your irrelevant	0
next month is going to be hectic	1
next month is going to be hectic	4
lol okay i will!	0
hate going to go pump gas niggas be real aggy	1
i havent gotten sick since weve been outta school tried to tell yall im allergic to that school	1
want buffalo wild wings	1
just finished writing a new song .  .  .  hmmm .  2nd half of 2016 is about to be jump	0
fun have south kam order 125 medium fries twice for their dry grad	0
i dont mind flying but jesus h christ the turbulence almost makes me pee my pants sometimes	1
its too fast .  imagine what would calvin feel rn	1
lyd youre awake!!	0
who likes and wants to go to a concert with me	0
the name is perfect!	0
the name is perfect!	3
the name is perfect!	5
yesterday night	0
swing my way	0
ima be by my damn self for a while	0
the game of finesse	0
hahahahaha im not okay .  i was just giving you suggestions	0
its nothing u can ever ask for than having full ramadhan and hari raya with beloved family	0
people treat me any kind of way but im still sweet and nice i cant allow myself to treat people how they treat me ,  ever	1
if its true youll know it	0
obviamente	0
hate camping	2
hate camping	4
sims	0
mess!	1
happy birthday! hope its great	0
really want some wing stop	1
im fuckin fed up	2
lol it was and youre welcome	0
lol it was and youre welcome	0
i should drive on flint hill & yell "we them niggas ,  we them niggas" but wyd today .   ? 	0
im smiling at my phone & ppl probably think i got a text .  but in reality im just watching videos of	0
thanks	0
fuck that law bitch ima still get my blunts ,  period	0
well maybe if we go well see you if ur not disguised again	0
well maybe if we go well see you if ur not disguised again	0
siddu ge lottery	0
finally done cleaning	1
i miss	1
i love my father ,  he is my #hero #happyfathersday	0
im pretty unforgettable sorry	0
2 of my dearest friends are in orlando .  .  .  .  that just really made me sad	1
then please drag me everytime you need somebody who is crazy pay me with oreo please . 	0
im so tired and im supposed to wake up early in the morning	1
my councilor called to pick up my new schedule looks like no spanish for me then	1
ive got pictures of me there holding a balloon and holding my skirt up showing my frilly knickers .  i was 3	0
wow part of the sky is blue ,  been a while since we seen that colour	0
omg how amazing is sia	5
lol zach u prob get more play than me	0
so ready to see my bestfriends man	1
lil a never sweat these hoes cause ill always get chose	0
lil a never sweat these hoes cause ill always get chose	0
yo she was ready man! when they ready to pop they ready elijah was the same	0
i love you . 	0
follow me if youre going to convention next week .  #africanfollowtrain	0
id do anything to see your name pop up on my phone . 	1
wow omg you really know how to swoon me	0
shes back	1
wish johnny could leave with me	1
last minute warped tour planning	0
ima proud virgin	0
same thing lol were all league	0
netflix binge	0
lololololol my life	1
im always up late	1
yes maam been here since 10:45	1
i even tweeted #nevertrump which makes him a liar for not blocking me	0
true	1
good morning its 10 . 43 pm here in germany and i have to say good night hope your tuesday will be amazing	0
that was our shit have to find the video where were singing it !	0
that was our shit have to find the video where were singing it !	0
ive been taking a nip of pineapple flavoured whisky .  it tastes of tropical dreams . 	0
i dont really want attention but i need someone who really cares	1
i was suppose to wake up at 10:30	0
the river sounds awesome right now . 	2
off to an amazing start .  .  .  so .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . far .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 	4
wanna witness it .  ? 	0
ngl id rather have kane on corners than henderson #engslo	1
hope yall got yall babysitters for tomorrow night	0
finna dye my hair lol whatever color it comes out  .  .  oh well	0
when the hit the fan dont duck	0
you ,  my good sir ,  is what we people call anus .  in teenage translation ass hole	0
i just wanna spoil someone and them wanna do the same thing for me .  .  . 	1
im so down ,  come thru lmk	0
who shall we support in rl semi  ?  catalan dragons - why ?  like the name!	0
them bs ass rates	0
i dont get it	3
i dont get it	5
tho i seriously did thought it was a jkt48 tag initially	0
can i just meet and get some good make up tips from her ok thanks ?  thats all!	1
im so fucking hungry	4
why is everyone selling their j cole tickets ? 	3
why is everyone selling their j cole tickets ? 	5
im literally just curled up listening to acoustic tracks .  .  . 	1
gorgeous	0
follback	0
dont worry i was just practising . 	0
she aint tryna be a freak but them bands keep poppin	0
charmer u can stay x	0
took an ss of this .  #aldubebfathersday	2
 you always happpy man but you cute i lowkey miss perigord class we had so much fun in there	1
 you always happpy man but you cute i lowkey miss perigord class we had so much fun in there	0
no need to move on	0
true!	0
sms is lit .  in honor of tucker #betacon16	2
keep askin me for money like wat yall bouta buy dawg	0
jgh .  thank you sa dinner dear!	0
thats if you were never going to buy it at $1 , 000 .  but if you were going to buy at full price anyway ,  then you saved $250 .  yes ? 	0
dont have a nigga  ,  i have a daddy	0
i dont trust you anymore .  .  . miss phadnis	0
see what rashford has done since coming on ?  asking questions of defenders and getting them running back to goal .  how he never started	2
damn you ,  greys anatomy	1
now that would really be helpful	0
i hope she wasnt hinting that she was going to die .  i will be very pissed! #12monkeys	2
dannng meant	0
damn england	5
 .  .  . my gf	1
lol you know mfers be ugly trying to catfish n finesse so they gotta use somebody who fit the part but thats out of hand	0
not you ,  you not included with them people	0
np powers ep5 earring stuck to his arse then that sexy smirk kutter is still a dick but sweet #chinpubes	0
np powers ep5 earring stuck to his arse then that sexy smirk kutter is still a dick but sweet #chinpubes	0
np powers ep5 earring stuck to his arse then that sexy smirk kutter is still a dick but sweet #chinpubes	0
np powers ep5 earring stuck to his arse then that sexy smirk kutter is still a dick but sweet #chinpubes	0
goooood mooorning sunshiiineeeee	0
-dani vino la de ingles ?  -yes ,  sitting un your lugars	0
well im back single & not fw nobody so serious this time around	0
hey i cant wait for tonight so any chance you can put it on early for me ?  thanks	0
im excited to spend time with friends and family back home ,  but saying bye to all my favs in pd is so hard	1
i still love cory & topanga! #girlmeetsjexica	0
im sorry but if i had one like that im not pulling out . 	0
if i had time i would fuss with the lebron haters this morning because theyre doing the most	2
if i had time i would fuss with the lebron haters this morning because theyre doing the most	4
lmfaoo real talk	0
im so funny!! love myself! hope i dont fail i wont drink much tho so thats good	3
jumping around the room cuz pemby tickets arrived !!	0
mcsteamy	1
only men in my life worthy of something like that is my dad & my granddaddys or if i have a son one day	0
revenge is of the lord .  im not trying to get even with nobody ,  nor wish bad on anyone .  god got it	0
smh vape god	1
yes .  .  .  ?  why	0
going to guns and roses tonight .  so theres that	0
someone asked me if i was graduating high school today	1
erick cracks me up man omg	0
my summer been lit from my birthday ,  to strip clubs ,  to house parties to taking trips .  i refuse to have a boring summer	0
wait #totellthetruth is about a tv show ?  well now i look stupid	0
love you too	0
its getting harder and harder to wake up this week	1
happy birthday hottie miss you	0
happy birthday hottie miss you	0
let me just get on matts back & go to bed im so afraid of the dark	1
bitch better know who i am	0
people from atl will have you so fucked up	0
why would you ruin a perfectly good frosty	1
just want hot wings from the cajun kitchen	1
bonjour! we just arrived in cannes .  send over a dm if youre in town this week and want to talk shop	0
i would probably pull a lot more girls if i actually talked to people that talked to me	0
likewise kath .  have a great run	0
can wait til 3	1
just as i thought i found an interesting guy to talk to he replies with " i want sex" y are men like this	1
just as i thought i found an interesting guy to talk to he replies with " i want sex" y are men like this	1
take me with you	1
you cant make me unhappy with myself or how i live my life if i dont care about you	0
hate making myself look thirsty .  .  . 	1
i shouldve took a sleeping pill .  its too late now	1
yeah she got me in trouble one day ,  in my own house cause i showered and put my hair up in a pony tail	0
having a car would make everything so much easier	1
i love you ! & lmbo yes we do!	0
i love you ! & lmbo yes we do!	0
#whatshesaid im nude approval! send all nudes to me and ill give the ok if theyre good to go or not	0
as you mentioned story ,  its just a story	0
missy	0
missy	0
i miss playing volleyball	1
add ur boii on sc	0
its hard just having weekends	1
its hard just having weekends	4
im not sure	1
that wouldve been a super goal from krchyowiak #pol	5
its going to help my back & all but old guys have no chill staring at me	4
the sigh of relief after finishing master clean of your bedroom	1
omg! how did i not retweet this! is drop dead gorgeous	0
these cramps in my side wont go away	1
knowledge is power and experience is true wisdom . 	0
rrrr she annoys me so much what a fake laugh man	2
yay! happy wifey ? 	0
mad how someone can make you so happy and so fucking angry too	0
goin #startrak fast on this music shit #onmiiypsi	2
ill do anything to get my dad back man  .  .  . 	1
i always cry when i watch charlie st .  cloud	1
do you love me  ? 	1
nada de eso bitch i just asked a question	0
*hach*	0
im just special	0
i love you	0
sucks knowing i should be in myrtle but im not	1
jen and lex hilarious	0
i miss the old us	1
i miss it so much it hurts	1
i think he has plenty of respect for them .  not that hell admit it because it wouldnt be cool .  and it thinks hes cool . 	0
youre so amazing please make my dream come true and let a #nottoooldfor1d french mum like me become you 37…	0
cheapest mba degree programme is offered at unisa business school  ,  gibs and others can miss me	0
i have a migraine	1
work out vs work out today belo tomorrow	0
lol ,  thats alright choose wisely	0
have a great night	0
i need to call my best friend	1
why am i such a dumbass	1
will run for president ?  so far hes made the most sense each time he speaks .  i like "consistency in intelligence" .  #politics	0
im so emotional rn	1
what we deserve and just know you got a whoooole lot a friends ready to make u happy	0
praying for a good day today	1
out w the cousins	0
we won disney trivia .  .  .  .  .  again!	0
everything i got i worked for	0
it was before you had work	2
it was before you had work	4
im just trynna smoke a blunt or 2 & have a chillen friday night	0
the way i had it yesterday nothing special	0
a princess bride deserves nothing less than this dress! htt…	0
lmao i know .  i would never cry to you like ever	0
havent you sent me that yesterday ?  i want another one! how are you today ? 	0
im finna be sooo petty	0
i want 2 come!! ask oz con 2 invite me!! id like 2 visit new zealand 2! need 2 bring max -june july august works .  htt…	0
o respondeume #sonho #realizado	0
o respondeume #sonho #realizado	5
can it be 2 pm already please	1
yall remember them skating ring dances  ? 	0
hey sunshine if u noticed me i would be the happiest girl on earth will u make my dream come true  ?  ? ! ?  ilysm x550	0
i made the mistake of checking my work email on the weekend	1
i know ill message you xxx	0
and all my bias aside .  right now he seems like the most sensible to get us out of this mess .  .  .  interesting times jimmy	1
bout to break my mama lil heart	1
another oh hae young is killing me	1
thank you!!! #dontbesorry	0
thank you!!! #dontbesorry	0
really wishing my hair would go back long	1
quit being lame ,  be like me	0
account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy .  learn more . 	0
account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy .  learn more . 	0
"dude idgaf ,  i just woke up"	0
bored something need to happend	5
dear tampons ,  you have one job ,  and that is to be absorbant you cant even do you job right .  every time i use you ,  you fail me .  sincerely	2
i can make you put ya phone down and cut that muthafu$&a off	0
fred gone make me come into labor early smh wrecks my nerves!!!!!	2
i can get mad to the point where i get petty and when i get petty damn i be saying things id never say	0
ohh okay ,  thanks	0
booking my flight now but we have to flip flop ,  you cool with that ? 	0
i need to visit anand-vvn just for this!	0
happy birthday foo turn up	2
9 days later its my friday!!	0
what happened in istanbul  ?  ? 	1
thanks 4 the follow	0
luuuuv youuuu	0
were leaving the eu ,  so all you teens freaking out about it need to suck it up and get on with it	0
lay low n boss ur life up	0
fuck my arms are done	1
rooney ta no banco ! ? 	2
rooney ta no banco ! ? 	4
on top of that my throat sore  ,  some body come baby me up  . 	1
omg how fit did cara look then #loveisland	0
im so happy that season 12 of greys anatomy is on netflix!	0
my poor little feets hurt so bad and i look busted	0
drawing my work boos blood today just about broke my heart	1
more pissed off about not having any space to do that nmr question than anything else tbh f324	0
dear winners .  you are kind of short on words today .  party last night to blame ? 	0
monday night doorstep sport offer free sport:party_popper::clapping_hands_light_skin_tone:! pencoedtre park - 4 . 30pm-5 . 30pm for ages 9+ pop along & see us!	0
i got out of the restroom & got really close to this guy who i thought was my dad .  .  it wasnt my dad and his gf gave me a dirty look sorry	0
females be "desperate" for a nigga  , i could never if a nigga tell me gtfo , it aint shit to let that nigga go yall hoes retarted	0
dont play us these hoes just dont know	0
new ahgase here can someone guide me ?  ?  in need of mutuals too xx	0
i need another bathing suit top  .  too damn hot to be going somewhere other that the pool tho	0
has noone come and get you yet ? 	0
love it in general! loved what they did w/ highline in nyc .  old lady me would just walk it in cool weather	0
bring back heskey	0
its gon break my heart if diy leaves	1
fuck this internet connection!	4
fucku . 	2
fucku . 	4
man ,  i havent touched the strat in like two months	3
man ,  i havent touched the strat in like two months	5
my birthday is next sunday	0
man stg just be doing anything on the road	1
look ,  3 minutes was way too long for me already	0
you hate me ?  good i dont wake up everyday just to impress you . 	0
just blow the damn whistle	4
new photo	0
i43 what ?  i love you 1419 what ?  i have a boyfriend *blocked*	1
i43 what ?  i love you 1419 what ?  i have a boyfriend *blocked*	0
i43 what ?  i love you 1419 what ?  i have a boyfriend *blocked*	5
guys go for a solo dms with your fav	0
happy	0
me before you had me crying so much	1
when you tryna finish another degree but then they wanna triple your degree . 	1
i have no finger prints tbh	0
super productive today i washed all my clothes ,  washed my hand wash clothes ,  got ready and cleaned my room	0
smoke ah extendo for no reason	0
#jacobchangetheportugaldate please jacob ,  weve classes	1
i know some people here jo bss dou farz parhke apna farz pura karlete	2
i know some people here jo bss dou farz parhke apna farz pura karlete	4
so pretty this your dp	0
still have to make a dub of my brother	0
they call me og provo for a reason	0
shit got me dead ass mad	2
walmart runnn	0
7 .  nothing more to say .  happy autism awareness week #beavoice	0
my neos live af ,  the legacy continues	2
thanks for the	0
my straight hair is no longer straight #thanksrain	1
i stop thea whenever she tries to leave my side ,  she probably hates me	0
dont we all man .  .  i miss the forest vibes so much	1
i hate mother nature	1
i miss tautiana & brittany	1
you toppin shit aint gone say too	0
sporty spice #wannabe	0
i got such bad blisters from walking around waterloo park yesterday	1
i cant with you bitches making these flipagrams with yall niggas using the same damn 5 pictures like tf thats all the pics yall took	0
just finished another show on netflix and have no idea what to watch now .  suggestions ? 	2
just finished another show on netflix and have no idea what to watch now .  suggestions ? 	5
why would i ever sleep this long	1
do what	2
working weekends suck .  .  .  literally ruins all my plans .  .  . 	2
hows the team doing ?  ? 	0
like ill at least give him a try	0
typical english media	4
more time around people .  so i can bond more with them	0
you have lost your mind if you think she even compares to me .  you downgraded hard	0
your avi is so freaking cute!! omg im crying!	1
shower was clutch	1
i know	1
my feet hurt	2
my feet hurt	4
i watched this like 10 times . 	0
girl you been mia anyway	0
aye if you are going into spanish 2 and want the first 3 quarters of vocab bml	0
s/o to my neighbors for calling the electricity company bc i sure as hell was not going to	0
i never leave my house but im always the topic of conversation . 	1
#throwback friends and gol gappay race	0
decided to care when its too late	0
he gave her the best actress award at #goldawards	0
its always nice have hard earned money to spend	2
// hey ,  how are you today ? 	0
im really a good girl  ,  but ill only be bad for you daddy	0
aww .  .  .  .  gorgeous!	0
aww .  .  .  .  gorgeous!	0
you need a strong ,  singleminded older woman	0
yay! take it easy . 	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x59 , 293	0
the knights of the vale timed that shit just right .  like down to the second! #gameofthrones not enough to save my ulcer but still	3
the knights of the vale timed that shit just right .  like down to the second! #gameofthrones not enough to save my ulcer but still	5
when i finally get to talk to boyfriend after his first day at camp #happygirlfriend	0
holiday blues	1
leaving is painful	1
i miss mel	1
just be the "hi" for my "oops" brasil loves you	0
he really made me mad .  i had to check that real quick . 	1
"never open twitter before watching got later . " okay ,  ill do that . 	0
lol im going downhill today spam ko stalk bana diya lol	0
your pretty and see u in the fall	0
your pretty and see u in the fall	0
go on ,  snog his face clean off . 	0
im so ready for these new adventures	0
hi i love you to the moon and back me are my niall horan follow me ♡ 747	0
hi i love you to the moon and back me are my niall horan follow me ♡ 747	0
i miss my bestfriend so much	1
either its mutual feelings or no feelings only way im fwy	0
your wcw thinks aquarius a water sign	0
i hate going to work hungover	2
i hate going to work hungover	4
im home guys! so tired .  tmr gonna clear those tags and asks on tumblr ,  make myself some great pasta and sleep through the day	0
allat flexin yet no bread for important shits .  .  .  #betchbye	0
im sweet as koolaid	0
when we were at janna’s	0
you just told me were your so i know you dont mean it	0
thank you for bringing us along with you .  its been fun .  mf pterodactyl!)	0
hip hop lover comes before cypher and they didnt perform it	1
cute . 	0
i cant even sleep the way i want to sleep its so hot	1
i cant take it any longer im popping outtttt lol	2
ready for some more nights like the last few	2
happy birthday cutie wish you many more	0
happy birthday to my babygirl  ,  my everything	0
rip to rufus . 	1
came home to take a nap but i went to sleep instead . 	1
thank you	0
hehe thanks friend ,  i love it	0
the only did i really do at this time is eat	0
right enough of that shit ,  get the footy on again #euro2016	0
june 21st	0
not like he was going to score anyway it is giroud	0
bitches be ugly as fuck but can dress  .  . 	0
then i still have to listen to jacob collier and kendra fosters albums	4
my nails look so bad! i need to get them redone  .  im crying . 	1
bitches already comment on their own picture to make it pop up on the tl again so might as well retweet your shit now	0
thanks	0
they did it man . 	0
balling like a mfing hotboy	0
good job i couldnt sleep until like 2	1
bout to smash my fav bring to do	0
its natty wapp	0
im not even interested in anyone anymore	2
im not even interested in anyone anymore	4
j . r .  smiths golf swing	3
j . r .  smiths golf swing	5
text me w/ your name & send me all the pics you have w/ me	0
pleasure birthday girl	0
"do we eat breakfast everyday here ?  -a legit question asked by a youngest boy camper #clll2016	0
lord gimme a sugar daddy that dont want no sugar	1
crabs  ,  drinks and grass	0
and conor dwyer but a lot of the races really surprised me tbh ,  like you hear their names from ncaas	0
why is it so much cheaper to fly to europe than to south america!! ?  ? 	1
when you at the point you not tryna pursue anyone but you wonder what would happen because some a1 potentials coming your way	1
the last hour at work be the longest  . 	1
keep checking my page since u aint worried about me weird ass bitch	0
yo bitch on my dick she got all the way fucked	0
aww thanks babe	0
the fact that frankie ballard is playing at the cherry festival the day before i get there	1
watch list for this week! nice lil mix .  $spy $aapl $aropq $suneq $bebe $skln $bas $jnsh $wdrp $eled  .  $soul lotto play #buyingdips	0
i bet it was awesome!	0
i really dont talk to nobody	0
the time my mom tried to rip every b2k ,  b5 ,  bow wow ,  wordup magazine poster ,  etc off my wall as a punishment #betb2k	1
of course	0
theres a hole in our right back and nobody wants to do shit	1
craving second cup	1
im newbie	0
i need my back popped so badly	1
i hope my birthday goes as planned	1
i dont think so .  al gyama grbt	0
niggas get under my skin	2
niggas get under my skin	4
i dont wana go to workk	1
or the hoe that u hate says hi to him & just looks at u ,  if i dont like u then youre not on his good side either	0
this emoji ":double_exclamation_mark:️" just got a nigga blocked ,  im petty and dont care tbh . 	0
ha ha! wow .  do you read the express or the mail .  or both ? !	0
ha ha! wow .  do you read the express or the mail .  or both ? !	0
well i officially suck at paintball	0
pens	2
well i used 5 answer books so hopefully i wrote something worth a few marks #py4	0
i encourage and force my friends to workout so theyll feel good more than i do for myself	0
back on that hype! you never fail to deliver my	0
im at work & really tryna get two of my followers back together	0
ooh me ,  i never make it past week 1 but hopefully you all can inspire me emmyfictionaire	0
in desperate need of a manicure ,  pedicure and a massage	1
not when the power is out all up along your street	1
take care and its good to talk .  were different people but we agree on the team we support	0
and jody dont love me no more	1
why niggas dont like explaining the whole situation	1
not exactly a cheesy grin there is it liam	0
im about to make a gm with &@tankkdawggg	0
that shrimp fried rice	0
runny nose	4
i know man its come around so quick we will be on that plane in no time!! buzzing!	1
have you guys checked out my last video ?  ?  its a review on the #casparleebook will be a new video up on my channel tomorrow morning	0
dear thank you from spain for writing #uprooted or #uncuentooscuro .  thanks for #thedragon sassiness and #nieska strength	0
looks like youre giving us the hook up .  movie night at jakes	0
yea ok .  you was supposed to been come see me .  you a shxtty big brother . 	2
yea ok .  you was supposed to been come see me .  you a shxtty big brother . 	4
great my arm still bloody hurts from the show	1
im tryna fuck all you niggas bitches	0
ok go	2
ok go	4
sky news  ? 	0
i always get what i want no matter what	0
"not strong ,  only aggressive ,  cause the power ain’t directed .  that’s why we are subjected to the will of the oppressive"	1
#summer16 already on and it hasnt even been a week yet	0
youre gonna win!	0
so many new weapons	0
im training on fathers day i know theres bout to be 400 people in this restaurant	4
meatballs	0
p e to the t t y	0
i never have anyone to smoke wit	1
i can never get a word in with my family	2
i can never get a word in with my family	4
so uncomfortable with those kids that look really old .  like you are probably 13 but you look like you have a mortgage on a 3 bed semi	3
so uncomfortable with those kids that look really old .  like you are probably 13 but you look like you have a mortgage on a 3 bed semi	5
would i do that to you ? !	0
you know im a good noodle foh  . 	0
1:30 am i cant sleep	1
i really could listen to soca doing anything	1
the country parts of ohio are so beautiful	1
i know how to make rae stfu	0
such a good night ,  now im ready for bed . 	1
luckily i dont need to understand norwegian to watch football .  #gerukr	0
ohhhh it will  ,   ,  and the day you say 10 miles is  just a short one today its not that far away !	0
thanks mak love you bunches	0
yo i can get used to these getting home at midnight dates my momma loves you omg she says you treat me good asf	0
yo i can get used to these getting home at midnight dates my momma loves you omg she says you treat me good asf	1
hanh is very influencing .  i get inspired	0
when your whole snapchat story is of	0
this is gonna be weird ,  but im curious .  fave this for a follow back	0
then more silence .  .  .  .  just leave it . 	0
mmmmm so beautiful and moist	0
its not our countries fault they lose .  shit we know our teams aint nothing but we dont bash yall for us not winning	0
i am lol	0
i forgot how great #journals is . 	0
holy shit im dying!! yaaaaaasss gurl!	0
summer playing hide and seek	2
summer playing hide and seek	4
i thought you would also follow me back	0
you think hes your man but he isnt hes everyone in meadvilles man .  check yourself . 	0
im sleepy asl	1
you too! hope to see you again soon xx	0
trying to find me a dress is so hard	1
thank youuuu kawan kita yg sama birthday juga! happy birthday aqilah ,  may allah bless you always	0
antonio conteeeeeeee ive said italy were darkhorses for this tournament their so well organised	0
thanks shawty	0
omg the way lebron looked at curry after blocking his shot . 	1
on god	2
on god	4
guess this is the one good thing about being an adult .  xd	0
i firmly believe the first day of a womens period is meant to be spent in bed	1
i literally get asked how old i am every time i go through a drive through somewhere .  bruh!	1
my body hurt like a mf	1
goodmorning! jwup . 	0
i still have happy tears im not going to forget this amazing moment and this amazing mitb i will get it on dvd when it comes in stores . 	1
no need , elly!	0
thankyouu	0
maybe all u gotta do is shut up	0
good morning beautiful	0
catching up with #loveisland how fake is zara going to olivia when she was upset about rykard leaving when she literally bitched about her	1
200 days!!!!	0
"she is just a friend dont worry about it" .  lol ok iv herd that one before!	2
"she is just a friend dont worry about it" .  lol ok iv herd that one before!	4
like im happy to share with people which is why i spent an hour and the last of my wages on cake .  but a well done or thanks would be nice	2
like im happy to share with people which is why i spent an hour and the last of my wages on cake .  but a well done or thanks would be nice	4
sorry but imma shower first~ anything else i reply slowly ok ? 	0
i just want to help people:) thats all i have ever wanted to do	0
why fck yeah	2
why fck yeah	4
#sarafina i forgot!!!! i missed it because i like likwa .  flip!!	1
happy anniversary of the day you were born! hope the day was kind to you!  .  .  . now eat all your peas!!!!	0
that was embarassing ,  kill me nowwwww	0
i wanted to go out of state or at least go to this college that was in a different city	1
outline completed  ,  clothes ironed  ,  now watching pll until further notice	0
but youre a cute dingus and i love you too	0
i didnt mean it at you	0
third doo doo of the morning	1
graduation was soo beautiful	1
|| i want another kitty	1
the roach got so shook he blocked me and made his account private he thought he his nonsense was so funny until azaleans dragged him	0
i think ill do a little shopping today	0
that really made me so sad	1
its not for me lmfao for my friends	0
now what will i do ? 	1
my head hurts so bad its been like this since last night	2
my head hurts so bad its been like this since last night	4
them ones when someones doing your spray tan and the bottle runs out half way through	1
my name hold a lot of weight  .  literally  .  i weight 146  . 	0
baby ,  you need to stop waking up at 4:30am! please!!	1
babys birthday today although its nearly over	0
cant go on twitter when im eating anymore	4
im still so sore . 	4
yes unnie since youre the one who said youre scary	0
i feel like hes going to confess #interviewwithamurderer	1
waiting for these 24h to finish	4
tyler kills me	0
i wake up  ,  everybody in the a lit i need to stop being a lame  .  n adventure more .  look so fun . 	2
i wake up  ,  everybody in the a lit i need to stop being a lame  .  n adventure more .  look so fun . 	4
camping is booked for july	0
my back is killing me	1
it totally is	0
chillin chillin	0
ever had a chick tell you she gets separation anxiety when you not around ,  cuz damnnnnnnnnn	0
you just have to go on twitter to see how everyone else felt about an exam #psya4	0
whos your favorite wolfe sister ?  besides tøp ,  whats you next favorite band/artist ?  what dogs would tøp be ? 	0
i really hope they are filming a variety show i miss their dork ones	1
guys ,  please notify me pag tvk na ah! thanks . 	0
you only invite my out at like 1am or when im out of town	0
late night twitter washpoppin ? 	0
best friends hype each other up no matta whaaaat love you you cute too boo	0
the power went out in the middle of my 2k game	1
- awww && okay	1
can i pls meet shawn .  but like see him on the street when there arent hundreds of fans so we can just have a civil conversation pls	0
on this already off to a bad start sunday my mummy piss me off	1
just booked my flight for la tomorrow	0
im not gonna sleep tonight after seeing the conjuring 2 in a half an hour	0
jama such guys dont exist right ? 	3
jama such guys dont exist right ? 	5
fucken hate when light turns yellow so you step on it but the car in front of you doesnt go	4
pmsl! and id have to get my ass over there! dammit! i cant take the concorde anymore!	0
got all my stuff back	0
michael ,  do you like nintendo ?  cuz "wii" would look good together .  follow me please bae ?  x6 , 526	0
selfie	0
loved that lol	0
wide awake	2
wide awake	4
better not!!	2
better not!!	4
its only monday and im already beat	1
cant believe my phone decided to freeze on the last goal!!! thank god for replays	0
cant believe my phone decided to freeze on the last goal!!! thank god for replays	5
and be low key hatin	1
i never been this late to a hair appt	1
"captain save a hoe over here" larissa dont ever try to do that again	0
he so damn fine	0
whats wrong niggas	0
news stories where little kids get hurt or die make me sick to my stomach	1
im on episode 7!!! im getting anxiety from watching it	0
first day today at 5pm restoo bahayee	0
aight send emojis	0
but yall like that shit	0
aye bout time you got that hair line fixed . 	2
worst!	0
bet you talking real reckless	0
my dads the only person i can talk to or argue with about politics without getting annoyed	0
i told you are still a kid ,  you need to grow .  have some broad mind and shed the humanphobia	0
something scepter .  .  .  .  ? 	1
something scepter .  .  .  .  ? 	4
when you want to sleep ,  but cant	2
when you want to sleep ,  but cant	4
i sure did	0
why dont you love me	1
this is why i play mercy cause then i res all them bitches!	0
girl yes	0
im bored asf and nobody wants to be on ft	1
always double check before you post photos to facebook	3
always double check before you post photos to facebook	5
awww maknaes supporting their kyungri unnie	0
i aint tryna step foot outside until the sun go down	1
thanks for the retweet - its a delicious salad . 	0
have you seen shane mcgowans euros song  .  .  .  brilliant	0
llevo 1 día sobria em wait!coffee its not alcohol sou im just fine (0 caffeine today) wait chocolate ice cream has	0
llevo 1 día sobria em wait!coffee its not alcohol sou im just fine (0 caffeine today) wait chocolate ice cream has	0
llevo 1 día sobria em wait!coffee its not alcohol sou im just fine (0 caffeine today) wait chocolate ice cream has	0
jesus	0
omg omg omg .  this week is just full of good news	0
desiigner is too lit	0
i dont want to leave my pool to go to work	1
i want sushi	1
yep been there ,  sat there	0
niggas dont think us females understand their games .  no no boy ,  we know	0
why is my dahyun looks like seulgi ? 	1
my first "like" from was the 30th of january and my first dm for my birthday the 21st of february	0
i cant wait for football season	0
man i came home from that party with a watermelon	0
no ,  you call me daddy	0
i miss you see you next week tho	0
i miss you see you next week tho	1
i dont want no relationship but i still want ya friendship	0
marzz scratch	0
i want all pretty ,  clean ,  and smart roomates #fmu20	0
i got somebody papa number  .  idc  .  ion discriminate that old money dont fold  .  yall	0
im a jellycat!!! wish i were heading out to cali too! you guys have a great time!	0
im a jellycat!!! wish i were heading out to cali too! you guys have a great time!	0
i cant keep up with your replies .  i trust you know me well enough to know what id say to all these tweets	0
i have .  bought it in form of fresh bacon strips .  recharged my sanity in no time #baconislifebaconis…	0
made a typo on my snapchat lol its emilysoliz my bad	0
got damn this headache is killer	1
its so funny .  im loving this . 	0
i can honestly say ,  ive never been so creeped out in all of my life	4
who do you want to come back ?  #9thebachelorette	0
no one is ever down . 	1
gs nervous dab	0
today was fun thanks to for letting me be there at the pool party	2
im ordering later on and watching it as i fell asleep but do know ivelisse won	0
im ordering later on and watching it as i fell asleep but do know ivelisse won	2
im ordering later on and watching it as i fell asleep but do know ivelisse won	5
still up rolling dope	2
considering certain guns are already banned depending where you go and such .  just trying to fix your mistake	0
finna watch bates motel tho	0
i dont want this weekend to be over	1
good morning	0
jose sign payet	0
thank you for the gift	0
no questions real nigga alert	0
"when i look at you i get the same feeling i get when i look at food"	0
happy birthday bby girl hope you had a beautiful day just like you	0
outside chillin by my lonely  ,  enjoying this weather	0
im not that old chill	0
any tickets left for tmw ?  two maybe	0
u know that new shoe smell ?  ya it smells like - child slavery	1
gametime	2
gametime	5
i wish i took more	1
what ?  ?  ? !!!!	0
lil bo a g already on some young don shit dude eating wings in the tub	0
trying so hard to stay awake is actually harder than i thought	0
i remember last sunday ,  the archbishop of san pedro church in dav city mentioned alden & maine during his homily #aldubtoge…	0
let me tell yall how my cousin convinced my dumbass that nair was meant for everybody part that has hair on it	0
happy birthday	0
you bitch	4
the fact that i wont see for the whole summer is so sad imma miss you sushi buddy	1
this show is fucking long	1
happy birthday !! you have a good one	0
ikr but thats been the case for weeks now .  thanks to the little lunatic minions	0
its 9 pm and im still hungover	3
i never heard of 9 thats a bit over done	0
it amazes me too .  tent ,  sleeping bag ,  stove ,  food ,  clothes ,  camera kit .  surely its easy	0
its officially my birthday month #soold	1
its officially my birthday month #soold	3
its officially my birthday month #soold	5
bahahaha! oh my goodness this is the greatest!	0
ladies ,  that looks like a lot of	0
lmao same	0
righhhhht! like do u not see the damage youre doing	0
omg i can not even imagine	1
tengs pucey ,  followback ? 	0
srsly why didnt i go with	1
all i wanna do is go home & sleep	1
k ill just kill zombies by myself .  i play better alone anyway #lonewolf	2
i know you got your diploma	0
very interesting talk today !! thank u + hope youre doing well	0
tylers birthday is on friday ,  and i still havent finished his gift . 	0
starting the month by being sleepy ,  eh ? 	0
ive fallen a thousand times before .  im still standing arent i ?  bring it . 	0
nobodys gonna be sober friday	0
some of the replies tho these americans are savage	0
lmao i gotta try it again just strap em down	0
thankyou mwa	0
ice cream and one tree hill	0
whoever you see aint me im in class	1
thank you!	0
every morning i open my eyes hoping to see you next to me	1
i always get the worst headaches	3
if greys anatomy doesnt have you the least bit considering going into the medical field youre lying to yourself	0
ugh i never can sleep the night before i work	2
switching back and forth between big brother and love island because its kicking off on both tonight	0
christmas city got a picture of me about to ball my eyes out when i hugged mrs .  hendershot	1
please #prayfororlando	1
im not being a knob ,  you are sooooooooo	0
just saw somone driving an a45 amg around pinetown that looks like you ,  is it you ? 	0
holy shit yeah!!! i think we were all at frys but the kart didnt tip over lol i woulda had a bitch fit hahaha	0
maines hair looks divine sa video na un! ang ganda! #aldubgoldenweeksary	0
like your gin dont you chuck!	0
these are amazing	0
am i the only one that noticed brandon always looks greasy ?  does he shower ?  #thefosters	3
am i the only one that noticed brandon always looks greasy ?  does he shower ?  #thefosters	5
follow #souhilabenlachhab #الوعد #مي_عزالدين	0
follow #souhilabenlachhab #الوعد #مي_عزالدين	0
last time legit my car was in both driveways #googlestalking	3
last time legit my car was in both driveways #googlestalking	5
hehe guilty but cute	3
hehe guilty but cute	5
the best relationship  .  .  is starting off as friends & work ya way into a relationship actually building a bond	1
my biggest worry is that theyll have bree & roger go back when claire does . 	1
my biggest worry is that theyll have bree & roger go back when claire does . 	4
it was probably my iphone 4 ,  its fine	0
oohh snap im just seing this lmaaooo yea my bad i meant her	0
everybody calls me stank	1
pretty sad to see my boy ibaka go ,  but oladipo is a solid pick up	0
i know i was watching you on facebook	0
all of them dun fell tf off . 	5
thank you!!	0
yall cute af .  stay solid fam . 	0
it was still good but next time id like to see it in proper quality! guess ill suffer through more lagging episodes of got ,  sigh	2
it was still good but next time id like to see it in proper quality! guess ill suffer through more lagging episodes of got ,  sigh	4
it was still good but next time id like to see it in proper quality! guess ill suffer through more lagging episodes of got ,  sigh	1
it was still good but next time id like to see it in proper quality! guess ill suffer through more lagging episodes of got ,  sigh	4
dont know what to do with life anymore	1
i so do not want to get up thatll teach me to not stay up till 4am watching some of my fav streamers have a great s…	1
should i start packing my bags to move to canada now or just give up in general ? 	1
should i start packing my bags to move to canada now or just give up in general ? 	5
i wish niggas could experience a period and cramps for just one hour maybe they would respect us more	0
heard you got some wednesday	0
bww with my mom since she about it now	0
youre welcome!!	0
forgot my mama cooked .  im so happy	1
gotcha	0
happy day	0
teddy bear chubby slsu lhs ,  les g friend	0
you drink it	0
hangout with me asap tae	1
in a year we can just move and rent the house out ,  but you have to finish school 1st	0
in a year we can just move and rent the house out ,  but you have to finish school 1st	0
conquest takes so long sometimes ,  its mental .  i had a 16 hour game on a huge map .  last civ got to space as i closed in	1
yeah right	0
that moment when you misspell your own name while signing a receipt . 	0
so excited for good luck at dyw nationals!! well be watching back in ky	0
ive a crush on you baby	0
i need to leave this town fr	4
gross get this old lady porn off my tl	4
at least the family gets that closure	1
till now ,  still cant decide what to bring and wear fml!	0
just a small suggestion .  (though i am no one to give one) .  but do retain this bearded look ,  if possible ,  post mpb too . 	0
opened up my heart ishoulda never let you come in	0
so scary when you hear about bombing in airports r . i . p to those whove lost their lives in the istanbul airport bombing	1
so immature	5
rec i knew u was gonna say some smart shit	1
girl im so sick rn and have a migraine i need some caffeine from one of them fountain cokes  . 	1
i love how my neighbour is just casually talking loudly on the phone about buying drugs	0
the fact my boys mom tells me im the first girl he ever takes to meet her & his family & that he really likes me makes me such a happy gf	0
probably cause we dont have to deal with marketing	2
probably cause we dont have to deal with marketing	4
aware ,  but priced out of the market .  .  . 	1
&gt ; pokemon go comes out in june! oh awesom- &gt ; the addon thing is 35 dollars!	2
&gt ; pokemon go comes out in june! oh awesom- &gt ; the addon thing is 35 dollars!	5
how did you find these	1
anyone down for a snap streak ? 	0
more #nascarthrowback please  .  .  .  .  .  like now .  .  .  okay ,  tomorrow will work too #nascar	0
no now	1
until you come and sit a while with me . 	0
heartbreaking #@judgerindertv how can people be so cruel ? 	1
whats wrong with this world ? ! i pray none of my friends were there .  #prayersforinstanbul	1
whats wrong with this world ? ! i pray none of my friends were there .  #prayersforinstanbul	5
omfg so weird !! i literally just finished watching this	1
dont make me pull out the messages	0
over it	0
i know ima be salty man omg	0
one goal i want in life .  .  .  to have a man whose like 63	0
gonna sleep na	1
s/o to will power for that work got way better	2
pretty sure someone in #hollywood is writing a movie script of whats going on in uk politics right now .  .  .  #brexit	1
finna smoke my dank  ,  drank my drank	2
i just woke up moms really gonna kill me!! shell never understand why do i sleep so much	0
i just woke up moms really gonna kill me!! shell never understand why do i sleep so much	1
owe my god	1
m o o d i got some bitches to stunt kmichelle voice	0
its soon gonna be 2017	3
its soon gonna be 2017	5
the way twitter shows what the people i follow are liking on my timeline .  .  were not safe no	0
i miss my headache wont see him until wednesday	1
completely screwed up race calendar again .  got a mud run just before i need travel north next sat! thought it was wk later! #ukrunchat	1
i need to eat some so my facial hair can grow in more	0
i need to go to the puerto rican fest and munch on some mofongos . 	1
special someones can be related to you ,  they can be family . 	0
i hate football being on during ramadan	1
21 tried to tell yall he aint no rap nigga	0
i came out to my frens and their reactions are so funny	0
just to let you know lll be naked then	0
my alren corazon	1
that boy was turnt asf when cleveland won	0
get me in napa now please	0
happy birthday young lady #happytzuyuday	0
someone needs to stop me spending money omg	1
someone needs to stop me spending money omg	4
all the barbers in la be former crips and bloods ,  ,  niggas in here thugged out putting sheen on hair	0
thank you collin	0
lol you want some fries w that salt girl ? 	0
im so hungry can time just fly by already	1
#orlando im going to refrain from making nasty comments .  as a queer i have class	0
its should be illegal to work a 9 hour shift	2
c-days finna be lit!	0
almost a year after surgery and this scar is still so uncomfortable	1
happy birthday kassie! im sorry this is so late i hope your day was wonderful!	0
lol kd looking right for the night	0
yo took a power nap and woke up trippen	1
my summer so far has been so good	1
happy fathers day especially to my one and only daddy imysm .  i love you	0
ready to get my wisdom teeth pulled mouth hurt	4
lmao damn  ,  never would of thought	0
i always wake dime up really early	0
how does this happen ? ! im so religious about my skin care routine . 	1
i miss you too yessss lets get together soon	0
i miss you too yessss lets get together soon	0
ill give you that! hope you do your research on hillary ,  i cant see an informed christian voting for her . 	0
jump by n . e . r . d will make anyone happy	2
jump by n . e . r . d will make anyone happy	5
i miss my gerri she not coming back until wednesday	1
musicals dancing singing dynesha hard work caring	0
fuck you you werent the right guy . 	2
lonesomekida!!!!!	0
#4ouqa can you and the collab pleaseee	1
i really need to get this palette!	0
i love this opening	0
and his new teeth .  .  . 	3
#bdap4 tomorrow	2
please dont let me down wales	1
augusts .  i had it saved cause it was mad pretty but added it by mistake	1
happy birthday	0
thank you	0
kitty is gonna be a okay	0
good!! you better come over then	0
heading back to fulton for game 7 baby #theland	2
oh boy . 	3
i woke up with a dry blood in my lips ,  ohh you kiss me so great in my dreams . 	0
i see you on the live worship broadcast!!!	0
my hair used to be so vibrant now its dull & not as cute	0
my hair used to be so vibrant now its dull & not as cute	1
cant believe nay is really engaged im so happy for her . 	0
hes my muppet avatar! & if you had to pick one to sound like wouldnt it be him ?  kermit is morrissey .  also ,  youre wrong	0
regarde over the garden wall	0
omg yes .  .  .  . exactly .  i wanna wear my all the time but its too hot	1
really ?  figures .  well shit .  maybe we can find a smaller framed darkling that may want em ?  they are tiny when i was a baby bat	0
from a couple of weeks back when we dressed all fancy	0
ive actually just heard this at work .  .  .  "he wasnt a terrorist .  .  .  he was white" this country has no chance	0
let me simplify it for u .  rm250 and the deal is done! easy maths	0
how i wish im flying ceb-ilo tonight	1
please change youre header .  i want to throw up every time i go on youre page .  thanks	0
some people need to get a grip	0
if anyone wants to get icecream and hangout hmu	0
eggs florentine .  scrambled eggs ,  green peppers ,  eggplant ,  spinach . 	0
my hearts in bits cant believe people are sayin dory dies!!	1
aggravated	2
i only send two texts thats otw or come thru thats for the plugg and these bitches too	0
i only send two texts thats otw or come thru thats for the plugg and these bitches too	0
when you hit bottom ,  the only way is up .  #onedaycloser	0
& you know that bitch you w/mineee	0
i told my boyfriend all i want for my birthday is car parts and japanese food	0
getting mine & my daughters ears pierced this weekend	0
im weak asf hes such a freaking scorpio man that horoscope stuff is real idc idc	0
aww mar ,  youre such a supportive running mate .  sayang lang talaga .  hindi mo time ngayon .  god has better plans for you	0
dear maths  ,  i am tired of finding your just move on buddy .  hes gone	0
dear maths  ,  i am tired of finding your just move on buddy .  hes gone	0
dear maths  ,  i am tired of finding your just move on buddy .  hes gone	2
dear maths  ,  i am tired of finding your just move on buddy .  hes gone	2
you shouldnt have said that ,  im going to end up writing like full biographies now and make you learn them	0
brilliant volley didnt expect it at all	0
maaseiah is gone take the wrong genes from him	1
its been a month of me not cutting . 	0
thank you hannah!	0
redell you still need to be whooped . 	2
redell you still need to be whooped . 	4
really want the bottle on love island  ?  ? 	0
take your time bro	0
finally ,  may album na rin ako ng deeper .  thought ill never have you in my hands .  thank you!	0
finally ,  may album na rin ako ng deeper .  thought ill never have you in my hands .  thank you!	0
finally ,  may album na rin ako ng deeper .  thought ill never have you in my hands .  thank you!	1
i refuse to let anyone take my happiness sorry	0
getting my hair played in is not helping me go to sleep any faster	1
for example ,  if you put out good and positive things .  .  you get them back	0
ill try	0
i dont know my name i dont play by the rules of the game so you said im just trying just trying	1
shut up	1
this fake love yall kickin wit eachother is so funny and sad	0
you mad cause youre lame too	0
he is now stating that he doesnt believe this could be part of islamic isis & wants to wait bf he can say if its isis . 	2
a girl came in and asked if i could throw away a bloody tampon she had in a cup wtf . 	4
i will go to edc eventually	0
this weather	1
always so weak when it comes to you	0
im kinda clingy	1
youre welcome	0
when your plans for summer aint coming along	2
when your plans for summer aint coming along	4
the antibiotics are finally working doesnt hurt to swallow no more	0
she called me a dog but i will never fetch her	0
weve got mark lawrenson	3
weve got mark lawrenson	5
thank you	0
shhhhh im at mosque	0
my neighbor bought me sonic	0
thank you !	0
and people always ask "why dont you wear your hair out" cus it shrinks to this baby ass fro . 	1
whoa cant believe tomorrow is already here #lesssssdothis	3
whoa cant believe tomorrow is already here #lesssssdothis	5
people are growing wings they should not have when it comes to me but its cool cause im a for active now	0
ive got an empty chalupa with just lettuce and sour cream cuz angela has me blocked for talking about sex too much . 	1
if it wasnt thanks to twitter i guess i would have ended up closeted because of the place where i live and a religious family . 	0
never again	4
definition of lawa ?  you	0
i just cant get over how badly he was beaten! and his daughter too when she tried to protect him!	1
i get sad as soon as its time for my baby to take home . 	2
i get sad as soon as its time for my baby to take home . 	4
so stressed i cant breathe . 	1
5 . 5 in boys .  .  ass is off the hook .  .  cinderella bout to lose the glass off her foot	0
thanks gi	3
thanks gi	5
sending lots of hugs from ireland hope you start having a better day ps i hate dhl	2
now i cant go out anymore	0
finding dory comes out this weekend and i couldnt be more excited!!! ive been waiting for this all my life	0
a6 they would remember it more #summeroffloats	0
lmaoo im weak you rn! derek can be important too tho .  he was important to meredith	1
parfait & smoke #masterchefau	0
nope do you love	3
nope do you love	5
lets sing the ht away .  .  .  #aldubxdrewga	0
im thinking about going to 7/11 right now	0
ive been great ,  just stressed with school .  how have you been ? 	0
thank you	0
i should learn how to love myself more	0
karl is the real mvp for staying out late and driving us	0
we cant hold hands though thats how rumors get started . 	0
drag me down xd	0
duck dive dip dodge	0
i cant wait to leave friday everybody working my nerves fr	1
i need a break from crying	0
he had a head start	2
yes its so frustrating! every time i try a filter it crashes	2
fries sound sooooo good right now	0
just one of those days #likeforlike	5
you ride for me  ;  iride for you we like bonnie & clyde	0
couldnt resist a big bowl of magnolia mais queso ice cream	1
thank you!!!	0
this rain needs to stop by time its time for me to go to work  .   . 	1
i love the mall in scottsdale! zara ,  nordstorm ,  kiehls	0
got paid	0
i can lend you another €2 if you want but its all i have	0
why am i up so early	2
why am i up so early	4
best bestfriend award goes to me	0
i know & rs	0
i know & rs	1
who knows what couldve happened today if i left 2 minutes earlier for work	1
gives me a slight image of in her .  theyre very much similar to each other . 	0
we do love a good throw pillow . 	0
i think his names daren	0
bitch you we know he need new batteries lawd but you dont have to hang up	0
i miss my fckn baby man	1
im dead . 	0
dont worry i got that covered ima have to sit out myself now	0
life is good right now	0
so mr #fawadkhan is all about lahore-dubai-lahore these days india bhi aa jao jaldi fk	1
so mr #fawadkhan is all about lahore-dubai-lahore these days india bhi aa jao jaldi fk	0
my throat hurts so bad rn	1
im bout to set it off i got one more time to see that shit!!	2
all good . 	0
all my faves are such dorks what did i do to deserve them ? 	0
all my faves are such dorks what did i do to deserve them ? 	0
makes her look ten years older then him	0
congrats!	0
its funny how you just came out of nowhere ,  made me fall the moment i met you ,  and left without a single trace of your existence	0
then what is it	1
oitnb is not thaaat good yall	0
getting so easily frustrated	2
getting so easily frustrated	4
my philly vid is almost uploaded! it got blocked last night i had to find a cover song & re edit! #yr	4
im not	2
im not	4
pink lips	0
now we have lost the legend ralph stanley ,  when will death hang up his scythe ? !!	1
im the underdog	0
hahahaha you cant hide from me .  ive got your files nomathemba!!	0
hahahaha you cant hide from me .  ive got your files nomathemba!!	0
and also followers from smaller countries here ( slovenia)	0
i really wished people would wash their hands . 	1
not trying to work but at least mariah is with me	0
im pressed for mine  ,  what yall geeking for	0
lets do it  ? 	0
soo im assuming i got my answer now & its not the answer i wanted  .  haha	0
i love paruru	0
sadio mane will miss 4 games for liverpool in january .  manchester united away and chelsea at home . 	1
this maybe minor opinion part of my heart i want 4nin ,  ryo ,  pi reunion together but the other part i dont want it at all	0
beyonce all morning!!	0
wake up people ,  it’s #wceu time	0
dude my grandma is 85 years old	3
dude my grandma is 85 years old	5
ronaldo has already 3 ballon dor	3
ronaldo has already 3 ballon dor	5
im hella weak still	0
was just sharing my opinion ,  not that u asked lol ill bugger off now peace be upon u	0
was just sharing my opinion ,  not that u asked lol ill bugger off now peace be upon u	2
was just sharing my opinion ,  not that u asked lol ill bugger off now peace be upon u	5
just booked to see in mamma mia & in les mis next week ,  im so excited!!	0
this heat is making me sick	1
i thought i missed an announcement or something	0
could of sworn it was went on her ig and looked at her tags & none of her fans posted her	1
seriously why is everyone so aggressive in the mornings	0
unfortunately no .  but i really want run my fingers through his hair . 	1
media play	0
so much to look forward to	0
the hardest choice in life is to choose what harry potter movie to rewatch today	0
im going with james	0
people actually dont like wings ndatonetsekana so	1
can people just give lebron and the cavs their credit like damn	1
ii want him to wake up	1
dark skin long hair i always fall for you type	0
ughhhhhh oh i cant wait though ,  i feel like its gonna be a goooood season!	1
but i love that header	1
you lying bye	0
20 mo dayz	0
i might not be able to sleep too well tonight .  game 7 is on my mind .  #kingjames	0
broooooooon!!	4
ive gotten two tickets in two days . 	2
getting my new phone in 2 weeks	0
heyy	0
5 where you at ? 	1
never ever let a rapper disrespect me	4
wah iya benar .  kecuali namanya pendek2 .  some people just named their folder by a or number	0
i havent drink nothing or ate nothing all day	1
not at all! too wiggly and health hazardous but delicious	0
not at all! too wiggly and health hazardous but delicious	0
happy bornday my g .  i can hear the xaaaaaaanys callin weekend lit on me	2
hate when bitches try to be funny like they dont look like whole niggas  .  .  . 	0
of course there is no waffle house near my hotel #fack	1
hate this section	1
#lrt im from outwest you can tell from my scars	4
i feel you i feel you	1
when in doubt ,  take one to the dome	0
depressed . 	1
oitnb ruined my whole day .  .  .  .  are you serious	1
late nights & early mornings	0
up way to early	1
ive seen you around camp and you be soooo chill & you look like you got a lit soul  , i fucc w it	0
i just sat down on a soaking wet seat on the train	2
i just sat down on a soaking wet seat on the train	4
this whole chris brown and kevin thing is too much for me	0
look at all you great people coming to better than my birthday!	0
bruhh	3
bruhh	5
that shit makes me sick but ima shut my mouth	1
that shit makes me sick but ima shut my mouth	4
happy birthday biloooog! miss u na god bless! love you!	0
happy birthday biloooog! miss u na god bless! love you!	0
not likely!	0
its been so longgggg girl .  but you still pretty asf & you slayed for prom	2
its been so longgggg girl .  but you still pretty asf & you slayed for prom	5
i wanna be with you lang sana .  but nah maybe nexttime i guess . 	0
its a new day .  good morning ,  everyjuan! thank god its fribae! #aldubtogethereternally	0
its a new day .  good morning ,  everyjuan! thank god its fribae! #aldubtogethereternally	0
tyrelle change that avi everyday	0
thank ya coker!	0
youre nice we dont talk anymore for some reason .  but yeah it was nice while it lasted im here if you need anything	0
i missed it .  did he dribble too much ?  thats typically the case	0
i swear this cab driver just made a wrong turn to make the fare cost more .  like dont play with me dude! and hes a ridiculous driver	2
let my little brother drive home on the freeway while i was slumped and woke up to the lil fuck speeding	1
if i see you post 3 of the same pics to make your ig look cool ,  im unfollowing your trying too hard ass . 	4
think its the summertime all over .  whissed it down yesterday same due today tomorrow	1
but  .   .  .  .  .  .  ok lol	0
started watching #luckyromance wasnt into it at first but it gets better after each episode -your highly unmotivated fanfic writer	0
you do now	0
i wish i new yes please!	1
watching west side story	1
im so bored i hate being home	1
exciting times ahead #sws #sitwalkandstay #dogwalker #watford #proud #looktothefuture	0
waited on the plug all day and now he aint coming	2
i want some one to fall asleep with & wake up to	1
i have to go to the doctor and dentist the same day i meet you	1
i wish i could do that ,  ,  , unfortunately i cant	1
arasseo eonni-yang! ill told her later ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  ; giggles . 	0
it makes my heart feel good when someone younger tells me that they look up to me as a positive role model . 	0
im hungry	1
" its some bout you that i cant put my finger on i just dont know what it is "	0
1 year that i love this song and the music video so proud of you #glg1year	0
1 year that i love this song and the music video so proud of you #glg1year	0
time 2 drake	1
time 2 drake	4
on our way to the airport thank you phuket for an amazing time! were freakin ready for you ,  bangkok	0
my apologies .  i was thinking of a substantive position just above ordinary villager . 	0
i sneak so much food in my room during the night lmao	0
franco asks liz how shes enjoying the toaster! jake loves it ,  he wants to toast everything #gh #friz	0
they really amp off that weak ass shit	0
i think the warriors lost this one on purpose so draymond could get back at lebron in game 6	0
just want to go home and sleep	1
i am weak i know thats right	0
"i want you to be a mom and you can still come over and if you forget her diapers ill give her one so you can stay here" -my nephew	1
love ya bobby	0
love ya bobby	0
but why ? 	0
what a dumbass	0
hell she lost her virginity at a young ass age thats pitiful fr though	0
dang! they didnt even open sears .  now im stranded here . 	4
awww babe	0
okaaaaaay	0
still up . 	0
is having a "good night" determined by how many times you get told off  ?  if so i had a brilliant night	0
just call me 2 jobs billy	0
just seen this .  .  im selling out packages to ibiza with together team for september if interested! im gonna djing as well .  . 	0
club echo ,  twisted lizard ,  eclipse .  man idk what to choose:weary_face:prolly do all three on my birthday	1
club echo ,  twisted lizard ,  eclipse .  man idk what to choose:weary_face:prolly do all three on my birthday	1
im so much better at 2k16 than that he literally cried tears of embarrassment	0
damn had a rough day at work ,  but made my whole night by releasing still brazy!! bittersweet happiness	1
i dont think i can hack another week of exams	0
i hope i win next ,  i have subbed and watched your vids before you hit 200 subs . 	0
beautiful legs i believe he will look under your skirt	0
beautiful legs i believe he will look under your skirt	0
well have to see hahah	0
i need to study for my test next week back to this	1
looks beautiful	0
when i think ive slepted in and i wake up its only 10:30	1
i miss you too erica hope too see you soon & thanks	0
and chris martin is a beautiful beautiful man	0
what ex bih that was a test drive	0
now you cant text me asking me to get on	0
i meant maine kisi ke liye saza nahi maangi .  .  .  .  and im hopeful for my own self too inshaallah	0
yes opcors .  miss you tooo	0
yes opcors .  miss you tooo	0
someone has requested i take them to a soweto tour this saturday where do i start which places are nice	1
glad he knows how i feel about him	0
i just wanna chill . 	0
you dont think so  ? 	0
okay	0
bye india dont encourage this . 	0
ima join you so i can get a laugh out of it !	1
it is pouring outside and i have no umbrella . 	2
it is pouring outside and i have no umbrella . 	4
i miss you!	1
aint shit on t . v ,  aint shit to do ,  aint nobody tryna link  .  .  wtf	1
i just need a phat ass	1
im gonna go on an all pickle diet	0
yaaaas! we want to know why you arent in the new vids	1
god bless my dads credit card	0
so now you telling me my memory is wrong ?  i cant speak for everybody else . 	0
so now you telling me my memory is wrong ?  i cant speak for everybody else . 	1
so tired of being so alone all the time	1
thank you	0
the head still good though	0
my goes out to those who had to grow up without their #dad #ripdad i cant image life without my #father #daddysgirl	3
my goes out to those who had to grow up without their #dad #ripdad i cant image life without my #father #daddysgirl	5
you cant spell us without "u"	0
#ocrenglish was .  .  . odd .  im not entirely sure how it went .  one exam more ,  and so much - so much - revision to do yet .  .  . 	1
have to turn my data off until it renews at midnight .  wish me luck . 	1
have to turn my data off until it renews at midnight .  wish me luck . 	5
remember when we got close camp d-up and you used to fwm enough to call me your sister ,  but dat na	0
remember when we got close camp d-up and you used to fwm enough to call me your sister ,  but dat na	2
i give credit when its due even if i dont like you	0
i give credit when its due even if i dont like you	0
damn i miss bam ,  she cool asab one of the coolest girls i know	1
wont lie ,  i miss	1
omg this has such a bad typo errggg	1
truly humbling experience when your nails arent done	2
truly humbling experience when your nails arent done	4
yeah probably	0
#dolantwinsnewvideo like n subscribe! this is y i love x10	0
my dad is special for being such a positive cheery father	0
knew wed get there in the end too much power resides in the city .  parliament needs reforms . 	0
but mascara is a bae	0
donna noble will forever be one of my favourite companions of the doctor	1
never been to italy but i would say hard bag having seen how they treat your bike!!!	2
never been to italy but i would say hard bag having seen how they treat your bike!!!	5
stamp when u stop givin a fuck you feel 100x better	0
excellent job! #priorities we gotta get all the hp movie fans to follow suit!	0
excellent job! #priorities we gotta get all the hp movie fans to follow suit!	0
if you text me just cas you need a ride you can just delete my number now	0
let the boarders show them how its done tomorrow	0
he thinks he knows what hes doin	0
havent ate all day .  .  but when my auntie come back wit this pizza .  .  .  im gone smaaash !	0
youre welcome honey . 	0
thank you	0
what should i do for an hour .  .  . 	2
what should i do for an hour .  .  . 	4
kevin love dont deserve a ring he the sibling that got a present just because it was the other sibling birthday	0
kevin love dont deserve a ring he the sibling that got a present just because it was the other sibling birthday	1
im drunk and cant feel my feet	1
hype for tonight	0
cant believe what ive just heard from roy hodgson	2
was totally amazing! super inspiring . 	0
we still out here	1
luckily bria is helping me with this planning for bres party	0
4 . 18km completed before tonights dinner - i bloody deserve that chocolate pudding! #sweatybetty #ilovefood #thisgirlcan	0
watching this lady struggle to back into a parking space	1
gonna miss my performance .  . such a shame	0
cant lol	0
wow active agad! hahahaha .  i wanted to pero im too busy rn . 	0
wow active agad! hahahaha .  i wanted to pero im too busy rn . 	0
never ducked that 1on1	0
good morning	0
too early to be stressed out . 	1
too early to be stressed out . 	4
damn deep talks with kayla	1
falto yo en el squad fitzsimmons	1
i know it is like im pissed for you  ,  thats not something you lie about on people i wanna smack her myself	4
welcome	0
might be but a crazy one can pop up anywhere wouldnt feel save traveling there at all	0
good morning ,  benny! have a great day! aw-w-w! such a cutie!	0
cannot wait to get away from this shitty place this weekend	0
love my new team	0
my calves hurt so bad	1
i let you count my mama baby you 1 hunnit so i know you meet my standards baby	0
dont comment on nothing you dont know about	0
my #harrykane #thfc art!  .  .  can’t bloody wait for tonight! #euro2016 #eng v #rus #threelions #england htt…	0
bruh i didnt even know that was on i was buggin like how does each tweet keep doing that ?  ?  but yeahh omw to tn	0
i love good news	0
rode my first jet ski today with #hooked	0
2oltlk	0
and if nobody dies ,  than somebody from your crew must betray you	0
its almost 6 and im just getting home whoops sorry mom	0
no words heartbreaking . 	1
after brexit you will have more in your pocket mate .  not just buttons and tissues . 	0
they gave naka the first slice	1
i am not wet at all .  you want wet company eh ?  sorry i cant be that for you my friend	0
i am not wet at all .  you want wet company eh ?  sorry i cant be that for you my friend	1
i love you	0
lol whats up dwarf what u wanna do	0
kanti how ugly are we	0
kanti how ugly are we	1
& i swear im going to make them come true	0
its humid as fuuuuck	1
im ready to start college ball	2
moving out of tx was the best decision it look lame asl still & its summer time!	0
i have heartburn really bad	1
nicholes cat died	1
its a great day to not have kids	0
ur so beautiful in ur icon .  whats the filter ? 	0
cookout	0
like people dont understand	1
i wouldnt care if you was a prostitute & if you fucked every man that you ever knew	1
i really pisses me off when my crew doesnt reply yo my text in the group chat like i know one of yall mother fuckers read my shit	2
i really pisses me off when my crew doesnt reply yo my text in the group chat like i know one of yall mother fuckers read my shit	4
everyone playing in this tourney in ct today wish i was playing all day	1
oh god id kill for some fries right about now	1
hey guysss keep sending your love to lauren we are always waiting guys love lots	0
there seriously is nothing worse than getting paid every two weeks instead of weekly	1
so happy i started working on my arms last night at the gym	0
while i was in the bathroom a women was moaning & her bf , im guessing ,  was moaning on the other side of the door .  .  .  only in td	0
he did not call  .  okay	0
i pay for my shit tho ,  when pay is requested .  of course i demand a receipt	0
golden state still gone win wtf	2
golden state still gone win wtf	4
tl filled with the #shreyaghoshalday dp! its awesome!! thank you	0
#findingdory after waiting 13 years .  .  . 	0
vans on me like a skater finger to my hater -	2
im gonna miss you sm .  if you need a ride ill definitely give you one! i so want you to be there	1
governments only . 	0
#teenwolf bon theo dans la saison 6 or nah  ? my little baby	0
when you love 2 cook & ur 11 yr old make special requests like .  .  . "when u gon make some of ur risotto ? " .  .  . back my day u ate wth was cooked	2
when you love 2 cook & ur 11 yr old make special requests like .  .  . "when u gon make some of ur risotto ? " .  .  . back my day u ate wth was cooked	4
i cant get over how funny it was when this big guy sitting next to me ,  randomly looked up hedgehogs when we were supposed to be reading	0
happy birthday to this hot momma! congrats on kendall again! shes beautiful just like you!	0
yall gon regret it	1
ur loved then bra	0
someone watch finding dory with me pls	1
ethan says get back to work!	0
stay strong	0
haha what when i had my running trainers on and went flying ?  ? 	2
haha what when i had my running trainers on and went flying ?  ? 	5
do it	0
no boo boo ,  dont get hurt ,  because i will cut you	0
i need to let go shopping for me the way she dress just	0
i need to let go shopping for me the way she dress just	0
i need to let go shopping for me the way she dress just	0
wow! one of my favourites so far! gorgeous #shoeoftheweek	0
i feel so sick but i still need to study for physics and math	1
belated happy birthday i know naman u had a blast!! love and miss you .  godbless!!	0
belated happy birthday i know naman u had a blast!! love and miss you .  godbless!!	0
aw fml this is not good at all	1
aw fml this is not good at all	5
hahaha yes i cant believe it #vishvanalayakkejriwal	0
hahaha yes i cant believe it #vishvanalayakkejriwal	0
if a nigga tell me hes single ,  but a female is claiming him .  .  . thats on her no one is safe	1
but i already know im whats popping  ,  so that shit understandable bitches gonna hate	0
im so excited for the new videos you have coming!	0
i just had the quickest interview in the world	0
its only like the best thing ever lol so yeah thank you	0
its only like the best thing ever lol so yeah thank you	1
no i dont want to	0
im stressing so hard right now	1
57 .  my first psp game was marvels ultimate alliance! god ,  im still addicted until today!	0
ive seen yo ass fucking up them burgers on the track bus before	0
missing my baby man	1
scared to give my dog this shot though	0
not for me to say ,  this place is not the medium to get involved in political discussions ,  for me anyway	0
the script nights	0
azaria u	1
if youre getting snaps of me rn ,  sorry .  im a mess	0
my #teenchoice nominee for #choicemusicwebstar is	0
today has been such a great day .  why does have to ruin it by heading off to work ? 	2
today has been such a great day .  why does have to ruin it by heading off to work ? 	4
#thismorning that went well then the reformed footy hooligan in the studio was awful! holly looked like she wanted to run off	0
noo the babies will take you as a sister rather than a mother	0
awh thanks actually because you started talking about it ,  i got inspired	0
awh thanks actually because you started talking about it ,  i got inspired	0
awh thanks actually because you started talking about it ,  i got inspired	3
awh thanks actually because you started talking about it ,  i got inspired	5
lagi download	0
i usually dont let nobody but get on my face but i just gotta try my dj  ,  she really does a good job	0
mula umpisa masaya tlaga thanks love no words cant explain the happiness #aldubtrueidentity ht…	0
how did i manage to be in every picture and look horrible in all of them	1
i swear that pussy torch i hit it and dip	2
same and who knows ? 	1
wishing i was asleep rn	1
awss thanks south america specifically mexico & colombia . 	0
ive probably called my sister 59 times since i woke up .  .  .  i just really need someone right now	1
cause youre delusional	0
whatta save! #engrus #euro2016	5
#whitegirlsbreaktheinternet why is this a thing ,  we always break the internet ? 	0
definitely not a "bottle" with swarovski glued on! then ?  what ? !	2
definitely not a "bottle" with swarovski glued on! then ?  what ? !	4
they are really awesome family god bless them	0
aint been on this hoe in a minute	3
aint been on this hoe in a minute	5
this day has been weird since the moment i got shampoo in my eyes the morning .  .  . 	4
i love shampoo that makes my hair smell good	0
its me shes calling the cow ash ,  not you .  its a pet name	0
its me shes calling the cow ash ,  not you .  its a pet name	0
can you rt this link (below) ,  please ?  thanks!	0
you make me feel so insecure ,  thanks	0
goodbye!	3
goodbye!	5
its cute though ,  imma call/refer to you as that from now on . 	0
sheesh im about to rn	1
this one thing you tell people not to do ,  theyll go around doing that one thing to annoy you . 	2
this one thing you tell people not to do ,  theyll go around doing that one thing to annoy you . 	4
highschool buddies sleepover coz drunk af	0
seriously need to start working out again	1
seriously need to start working out again	4
keep working at whatever it is you want  ,  but work the hardest cause theres others chasing the exact thing	2
thank you	0
doctor appt today ,  and in my perfect world my dr would tell me to meet him at the hospital because im in active labor	0
that notification	0
och ,  therell be nae need for that .  itll likely just be a wee bit of groin strain . 	3
och ,  therell be nae need for that .  itll likely just be a wee bit of groin strain . 	5
we are healthy over here youre welcome anytime	0
i really2 hope that i can grab that chicnones before going to korea	1
gotta buy another charger ian trippin this one lasted a long time	2
i could do better lol you gotta admit it was a little rough around the edges . 	0
im sure id hate her though	0
i havent worked out since track season ended im so dissappointed in myself	1
its tragic	1
hit it from the back watch a boy bless you	0
wait a sec .  .  omg i won	0
sherlock sweetheart im really sad i lost my grandpa its hurts	1
lol you had to be out of there seemed like you was bouta go beat some1 up	0
but in all reality if steph and lebron were to fight steph would look silly	0
32  .  your butt phat  ? 	0
happy 4months ,  stay inlove	0
i thought no one was going so i didnt bother to save up .  foo i am	2
i thought no one was going so i didnt bother to save up .  foo i am	5
wassup jr & good  ,  but a lot wbu  ? 	0
wassup jr & good  ,  but a lot wbu  ? 	0
ugh i wanna watch ricki and the flash but	1
nothin i was just laughin cause i was bored ion even kno wat u was talkin bout	2
nothin i was just laughin cause i was bored ion even kno wat u was talkin bout	5
i need to start making my way home	1
summer is my favorite time of the fucken year	0
currently listening to on as we drive to amp love my life so much	0
smooth	0
today i feel like watching faze rug	0
im so careless lost my card again	1
im so careless lost my card again	4
today is the toefl day .  and after of them  ,  i will do bbq with my family .  its so hard weekend	1
thank you darlings! enjoy your day!	0
thank you	0
when celebs only tweet reply to other celebrities if theyd exist without their fan-base:neutral_face::neutral_face:even yall can fall #beastess	0
my sister can sing for hours in the shower its annoying	2
my sister can sing for hours in the shower its annoying	4
i would totally date you but .  .  .  im taken	0
i would totally date you but .  .  .  im taken	1
stew beef ,  dumpling ,  coffee n bae would do for today .  .  .  .  . 	1
south park is stupid but light weight funny	1
i cant sleep	1
thats what im thinking is the best approach for this one	0
cant believe i actually saw myles all the way down here last night	1
so i guess i wont delete my reply to your tweet bc you liked it .  im sorry i deleted the video ,  really didnt want to bother you	3
so i guess i wont delete my reply to your tweet bc you liked it .  im sorry i deleted the video ,  really didnt want to bother you	5
history of venice , going in november , will be perfect venue for a glass of freixenet!	0
ive been told! but im sure were talking about 2 different juices	0
zay miiits .  lool	0
so im going back to the doctor again since im still exhibiting symptoms .  has not been as fun a week as id hoped . 	4
lord ,  bless me tomorrow for my operation hahahahahaha	0
competition time! use the #selfie while in our restaurant & tag us to be in with a chance of winning 2 tickets to meet us	0
the title "artical 50" sounds absolutely terrifying!	0
niggas just dont get it	2
niggas just dont get it	4
wahhhh damn nice!!! looks like a painting	0
i need a phone	1
bralen ,  kayren ,  and jose left me all solo now	1
monday night tennis ,  federer on the court .  #wimbledon	0
i really want to launch my video ,  baby needs to help me we are so close yet so far	3
i really want to launch my video ,  baby needs to help me we are so close yet so far	5
i love drinking water but i am so sick of going to the bathroom	1
my heart	0
tomorrow harry potter	0
&gt ; &gt ; &gt ;  wassupp ? 	0
calla	1
ive had such a stressful day talk to me imy #callmeseb x8	1
oh yea u did go to bed	0
sweating like a group of nuns on a cucumber farm	0
feels good to be 18 #blessed	0
its been 2 years and it feels yesterday i miss ya #2yearsof1dinsansiro	3
whos ready ? 	0
beautiful although if i were to be a bit fussy .  .  .  .  . a bit hot . 	0
um ,  you call mom "mommy" so	2
um ,  you call mom "mommy" so	4
so adele wasnt the usual choice for saturday night at glastonbury ,  so what .  its one year and i enjoyed it done	0
she sexy she fine she say she love me i know she lying we stay fucking from time to time you could marry her today she still mine	0
they think that shit cute	1
i dont think anyone is ready	5
so thats why i dont have time to freely give you people	0
not even playing with em	1
on the last two episodes of #ointb	1
on the last two episodes of #ointb	5
someone shoulda said she was drunk then	0
he said i got tht music i like so u can give ur girl lap dances im screamin	0
he said i got tht music i like so u can give ur girl lap dances im screamin	1
i wish my mans lived close so i could do this	2
i wish my mans lived close so i could do this	4
ive been watching oitnb all day im trying to finish off the seasons before the new one comes out	1
guess who is still sick	1
i want some french toast	1
so basically and changed the title of the song change while changing in the changing room	0
i really want to get to know kayla from pledis girls but theres barely any photos or info on her	1
i really want to get to know kayla from pledis girls but theres barely any photos or info on her	1
thanks dude!	0
haaaaaaaaaaa .  .  .  not ta disrespect ,  but that o-town shooting survivors name lol lol lol	0
i was supposed to see u at jb party text me !!!	1
i told my mama i dont want to go to vegas anymore she just got mad ass hell	0
i told my mama i dont want to go to vegas anymore she just got mad ass hell	1
oh im sorry for your pain	0
cant think of nothing funny rn and seaside prt .  2 this summer	0
period cramps are the worst #saveme	1
period cramps are the worst #saveme	4
i hope whoever marries me doesnt mind that i already have a wedding song picked out	0
wow! awesome choices -julia	0
same	1
i really miss christinagrimmie! it pisses me off that a man shoot her .  i will never forget her & i will never stop crying .  my heart hurts . 	1
i would tag mckenzie but she deleted her twitter . hell she deleted everything	0
kopis one of the few kings i havent met yet	0
heartbreaking episode .  shes too young .  #mmkcourageouscaitie	1
happy birthday ,  sum dawg .  hope you have a great day .  have fun adulting and what not	0
oml  ,  hml sometimes *	0
yes that definitely was!	0
tell chris to text me back already	4
its always okay to get drunk on a thursday	0
im at work on saturday	1
nah im kidding i dont hit licks	0
she not calling back	1
we been smokin non stop since 2 wya	1
so its 1 all then	0
rosie and i cannot act like normal people on trains	1
so i actually told some femenist from hell who was running her mouth to me last night to kill the spider for once .  she wasnt happy	0
how was i supposed to know you were good in chem ? 	1
how the fuck do we get lost	0
you look like the worse driver of all time tbh	0
my pet peeve is when somebody talk about someone to me then be in their face you will be cut off wont even come to ya funeral when ya:coffin:️	4
going straight to your fridge next time i see you , wooh shem	3
i hope jadine will have time to do some workshops before starting the serye .  huwag po madaliin ,  till i…	0
being a bridesmaid is too much work .  i shouldnt have said yes	1
im not home .  will be there in maybe 30-45 and ready for tonights stream no reset vid	0
seriously guys .  .  my name is virginia	0
a2) we would kill a sea monster so fast guys #bbtc	0
hows the season finale next week ? ! #gameofthrones	1
nhaaaame	0
theyre brutal im sure youll do great with yours though! good luck -sam	4
aye you are in for a treat quite jealous !	0
good morning	1
8 days left #holiday #coming_soon	1
off to school	0
i havent been on tumblr in so long lol	2
i havent been on tumblr in so long lol	5
i told her to wake me up if i start snoring susan said i was but she was going to wake up but she said i looked so peaceful	0
my mom loves me and my boyfriend and i couldnt be any happier with life bc she means everything to me and im glad she likes my bf	1
oooooh i feel like stabbing somebody	4
dayum	1
lucky you	1
god i cant wait to eat food at your new house!	0
these new songs weve been writing so excited for you guys to hear them very soon! good morning!!	0
i love you	0
yall keep sending emojis ,  ill finish them when i wake up . 	0
oooh ,  a hint of irreverence .  stirring up the hornets nest . 	0
we could do a duet	0
please read the htj carefully dear	0
i feel like everybodys birthday is today	0
soon then	0
wtf i was supposed to tweet this shit last night i accidentally tweeted it today ive been up since 10 fyi:index_pointing_up_light_skin_tone:️	1
probs not getting any sleep tonight	0
hm kay hahaha .  may u success in whatever you do okey	0
anyone wanna run in alpine right now	1
" fat people will only have friends and nothing else " heard from one video today hahahahahah so true	1
" fat people will only have friends and nothing else " heard from one video today hahahahahah so true	1
first time in rosebank and everyone looks so rich and clean	1
i wanna take it again but its so hard picking between songs	1
meff #blockthesun	0
niall hasnt been in l . a .  since march	1
working today and tomorrow sick ass weekend . 	0
thanks i know	0
its the best place ever deffo recommend x	1
aw thank you ate miss u na	0
aw thank you ate miss u na	0
lmfao oh yeah i forgot and never wear them !!!!!	1
i can relate to this so much!	0
my little generous man gave sister $5 of his money for spending at camp she leaves this morning bus pics to come my heart is flutteri…	0
aw a little kid just came to the door asking if we had any kids so he can play with man	1
found the tweet	0
where can we meet you after the show ? 	0
charlottes web is so cute	1
lol you welcome	0
i need a nap b4 he comes over here . 	1
i need a nap b4 he comes over here . 	5
morris	0
morris	0
and cut! nice work!	0
bestfriend leaves to chico tomorrow ,  good luck ,  love you lots! see you soon	1
everyones sketchy idgaf what yall say	0
same but i mean theyre on break rn ,  they probably wont release a new album until next year	1
checked out some clothing sites and the prices on some of them ridiculous as fuck . i aint cheap but 130$ for underwear is a joke , not luxury	0
that lawn must take hours to mow!	0
she be lurkinnnn	0
ur welcome	0
saha , das , shami i know only these 3 bhowanipore team , name itself i never heard . 	0
if i tell you how i feel baby can i fuck i wonna know if the good before i cuff - kodak	0
if i tell you how i feel baby can i fuck i wonna know if the good before i cuff - kodak	0
lmfaooo ima melt before i walk in	0
awhh when we almost got love you guys	0
we all are but she is great	0
rykard cant be throwing out dramatic scenes like that and then not leaving	0
these hoes so bold	1
yo i graduate in the morning	3
yo i graduate in the morning	5
you dont talk to me anymore ,  fakeee .  by youre cool , funny and i see you doing your thing wit	0
i got real life issues that i need to fix	1
they "taylors music is for girls" i respond "taylors music is for anyone who likes good music" taylorswift13	0
they "taylors music is for girls" i respond "taylors music is for anyone who likes good music" taylorswift13	2
they "taylors music is for girls" i respond "taylors music is for anyone who likes good music" taylorswift13	4
i miss having a bestfriend i deadass be needing someone to talk to here and there	1
kevin love back to the bench  .  .  sorry warriors	1
he always did pls	1
so glad my brother is home for his first fathers day	0
let me have a good dream tonight .  .  . 	0
girl	3
girl	5
steph can not get hurt again .  .  .  and i just want everyone to be safe #thefosters	1
absolutely love when grown ass adults act more childish than my 9 year old brother	0
quit rtn them sh*ts  .   .  im tryna be nice	0
i tend to impulsively make decisions and most of the time theyre not good	0
omg yes:loudly_crying_face: ,  good times	1
omg yes:loudly_crying_face: ,  good times	1
i appreciate it young and cute fangirl!	0
i appreciate it young and cute fangirl!	0
fuk a home run ya boaa be runnin in houses robbin ,  kanivin ,  wildin and burglarizing	4
biggest mistake was doing my makeup before watching greys today	1
yeap	0
i blame cristiano but also  ?  ?  ?  ?  what more could he have done .  was incredibly unlucky idk man ,  hardly ever seen someone with such bad luck	1
i definitely will	0
i love all the silly music on greys anatomy when something funny happens	0
every sunday night when i check my bank its like wow whens payday	0
youre beautiful ,  glad ive met you .  you have a great voice and i cant wait for reflections ,  lunch dates ,  and coordinating outfits	0
watching harry potter and the chamber of secrets	0
yeah ,  but u seriously haven watch conjuring 1 are you kidding me	1
i have baby fever so bad	0
i have put on so much weight	1
new song	3
new song	5
you down  ? 	0
im hungry but idk what to eat	1
i got asked at summer school today if i was twitter famous	0
ugh i want to go to hucci so badly but im not trying to drive to tampa again	1
i think its time to take these nipple rings out mfs itching to bad	1
put the cuz marlon me & bree child	0
im telling	0
ugh supposed to be at woodward right now	1
whos that pucci	0
so much cig smoke	4
even though its about politics please lets gist	1
thanks girl! ill see you then	0
it sure is!	0
its my birthday	0
i love you both so much ,  i just wish i cant say it to your faces .  it will happen one day .  dm me please	1
when you sell a property on the first viewing without even advertising it .  .  .  . just saying p . s well sell your property f…	2
when you sell a property on the first viewing without even advertising it .  .  .  . just saying p . s well sell your property f…	5
but let me get up ,  a kid is starving	1
i can name about 8 niggas that just fell in love too and feel my pain	0
i cant with west memphis on facebook . 	0
when the foods that good that you forget to take pictures .  .  .  .  yep! another great meal at thanks	0
me too	0
i was just being honest	1
listened to that on the way home	0
i wanna do a color spread so much its so fun	1
i want that shirt give it to me pls ps .  youre pretty	0
i love u so much .  do u love can u follow me tweet me babe and dm me #nashmerch #facetimemenash ♡1 , 243	1
havent taken class in like a month .  my everything hurts  .  .  .   .  .  .  #rip body tomorrow . 	0
havent taken class in like a month .  my everything hurts  .  .  .   .  .  .  #rip body tomorrow . 	0
havent taken class in like a month .  my everything hurts  .  .  .   .  .  .  #rip body tomorrow . 	1
malaman mo sa november when you back read	0
should be a law against those too good to be true deals .  how did you get on yourself ? 	0
i hate being friends with stoners man they never wake up when we have plans	2
i hate being friends with stoners man they never wake up when we have plans	4
lmaoo just look at me .  getting all excited for bbqs	0
cheers ,  dean! check your dms shortly	0
that one was for you larri	0
im defiantly not gonna be able to get up in the morning to get breakfast	1
same	0
man shit happens	0
&lt ;  faith  ,  omg hey girla but you pretty coo & give good advice !!	0
true	0
aww thank you yalakom ,  been told it is called a speckled wood xx	0
i know but damn pobresita	0
welcome	0
no he at home thats the point	4
omg .  i know .  im beginning to have gyro and gelato withdrawals	0
my mama getting beside herself trynna be out all day like how dare she	2
my mama getting beside herself trynna be out all day like how dare she	4
love you to	0
ite martin	0
this is true give me your baby moms # im sure she can prove it	0
whoosah	0
everybody go buy #besomebodymovie its my favorite #besomebodymovietonumber1 love you 63	0
everybody go buy #besomebodymovie its my favorite #besomebodymovietonumber1 love you 63	0
was asleep	1
varejio flopping his life away	0
daaaa!!!! i didnt read the title when we were tracked by mosquitos hahahahha !!!	0
thank you	0
evolved to diamond lim	0
is #stilltheking  ?  . yes! yes he is! great show! hope we hear him sing some2! what if he sang achy breaky w/ #…	0
i graduate this year man dont even seem like it ,  like just yesterday i was starting my freshman year	1
ill love you from the bottom to the top ,  nothing is forbidden when we touch	0
off the henny and the loud	2
you are! ahaha & it will scare you ,  it has me it plays the real recording at the end too! of the old man spirit .  .  . 	0
wow it blows my mind that my grandparents have been married for 63 years today! they are absolutely precious #nowthatisgoals	0
why would you use this song man	1
damn .  .  .  you cant end an era then start it back up again	0
hahaha! they can start working on her	0
omg no one describes you better	0
awwwww thaaaaaaanks boo	0
*these	1
thanks	0
s/o to he just received his first scholarship offer to the unc tar heels:double_exclamation_mark:️he is a dl/ol in the class of 2019	2
deleted most of my social media i only kept my twitter	0
*rubs hands together*	0
cant move on from this book #expectations	1
thats nasty	0
omg yes	0
live version of all i want	0
nothing feels the same nomore	1
 . @chloeamor_ yes! brilliant .  all is well with the world	0
listening to 90s r&b make you wanna find somebody to settle down	0
never compete to be in someones life	0
while everybody getting braces im getting invisalign	0
yes of course you can! thank you	0
dont go zoe be safe tourist cant drive	2
dont go zoe be safe tourist cant drive	1
i never seen to make it on time to the airport	1
millenium boy ,  the thai dance cover team ,  theyre so good ive heard about them ,  but i never like got into them until this year wth . 	0
two new girls #loveisland	5
wow! you are my sheroe! happy early birthday!	0
im from puerto rico and i wanna meet u so bad but you are too far for me  , i am from hormigueros , can you came to cabo rojo	1
hair &gt ; 	0
true  ,  we probably not gone even make it anyways	0
attitude problem but never mad	0
i hope its helpful!	2
i hope its helpful!	5
oh really ?  well acted then	0
same we need to catch up sometime	1
you cant get played when u kicking the same shit	0
meg you are so kind and amazing ,  love you so much!	0
#getmyattentionin4words "whatever you want baby"	0
yup! hes not attending the awards	1
cant believe my baby turns 5 months tomorrow where is time going	1
i miss the spanish bar in malta	1
oh yes! ive thought of doing that tbh pero no creo q lo vaya a hacer ahora im still too shy for this esp if i dont know anyone	1
without that success ,  thatcher would have given up .  would have been no blair .  no cameron .  .  . ! wow! it really is all your fault!	0
thank u guys for the support	0
tomorrow we should go bust a mission to mcdonalds	0
i dont even care who we got .  i hate losing players	0
jealous of everyone that went to see beyoncé	1
so to actually be able to go to the royal rumble is gonna be freaking amazing! i hope i can get them as soon as they go on sale!	0
well a rabbit definitely .  or so ive heard	5
im watching halloweentown i love my life	0
feeling so sick	1
that england vs wales intro has made me feel very uncomfortable .  .  .  got me thinking about what im gonna do when dragon comes #engwal	0
i have needs besides being a quaker	0
can somebody take me to the beach bc i need stronger tan lines asap . 	1
#kuwtk was amazing tonight	0
when will you notice me ? 	1
yes! that one too! one under my jaw line/kinda where my ear is and two in my throat that arent as bad .  it hurts	1
off for the rest of the day	0
wish id run into you at the nike store	0
i must nap	1
i need my daddy back ,  daming shooting sa america	1
aww thanks for thinking of us ,  angela! glad your digging our flow -paul	0
sometimes i hate god gave me good pussy	1
i did join it love these hashtags	0
lol alright by now ,  im going to go cry in a corner .  .  .  .  not really tho but thats my mood rn so yea	1
i hate that all my notifications go to everyone phone who has my account but not mine	2
i hate that all my notifications go to everyone phone who has my account but not mine	4
lol you cute you cool dont care who you offend (im a victim of but you can dress	0
lol you cute you cool dont care who you offend (im a victim of but you can dress	0
lol you cute you cool dont care who you offend (im a victim of but you can dress	0
if i wanna be on time to work i need to leave at 9 . 30am .  .  its currently that time and im still in bed	2
if i wanna be on time to work i need to leave at 9 . 30am .  .  its currently that time and im still in bed	4
pierced nipples are great	0
nope	0
i personally dont like lovey dovey songs dang	0
ol bright ass	0
i miss someone right now	1
fuckk my bad .  but you and brandon too come thru to my casa whenever .  word is bond my house is yours too . 	0
so good to see you have fun at camp!!	0
actually its saint etienne but youre right ,  marseille is the best city	0
when people ask you have your summer been lit ?  no bitch! i been in the house! fuck out my face	2
when people ask you have your summer been lit ?  no bitch! i been in the house! fuck out my face	4
when people ask you have your summer been lit ?  no bitch! i been in the house! fuck out my face	1
i can feel my wisdom teeth growing in ,  and its so stupid .  like just hurry up and leave me alone already dude .  stop making my gums swell	2
i can feel my wisdom teeth growing in ,  and its so stupid .  like just hurry up and leave me alone already dude .  stop making my gums swell	4
when somebodys definition of ugly - is your goal of beauty	1
dang! i miss a call . 	2
dang! i miss a call . 	4
so i pulled an all nighter	1
ive never seen so many goals in one avi	0
like if you procrastinate your homework	0
this you .  like actually . 	0
respect! im going to spend my evening playing mass effect ,  saving the galaxy .  better there than here rn	1
i should be finishing my work guys twitter was created for serial procrastinators like myself	1
i should be finishing my work guys twitter was created for serial procrastinators like myself	1
wish i had a puppy	1
youre coming to chiefland sometime this week	0
thats why i gotta figure things on my own because ya girl way too complicated	0
cant wait to be in my apartment	0
i think so .  .  . because viacom has this show on all the nick channels ,  spiketv ,  mtv .  .  .  #blackout but seriously ,  i get ur pt . 	0
todays #nationalsunglassesday-trending!show off a pic! protect ur #eyes from the rays & post ,  my shades #prada	0
come over	0
but anywayssssssss ,  i really dont wanna be closing at work tonight	1
that wales fan who were crying and then started acting buzzing when camera came on him	1
cus yall like to cut uppp it really is thooo .  should be funnn	0
cus yall like to cut uppp it really is thooo .  should be funnn	2
you know its true	0
but we want to see you! wingsday wednesday is calling your name!	0
hell no!!!	1
find out before the sale is over	0
thank youuuuu	0
cannot get #kaleo way down we go out of my head #amazingsong #waydownwego #artist #talent #perfect #indie #music #favoritesong #chicago	1
damn ,  lost my girl . 	1
same here ,  with a horribly high out result	2
resisting the urge when i possess no self control	1
wilsdens version of ex on the beach	0
happy birthday man have a good ass day	0
good night #24goldenyearsofkingkhan	0
it is ,  i used to be pals with her and id hate it to happen to me but i know al get accused of shit stirring or something	1
not sad! we will be sad enough that its the end	1
smashed pal	2
smashed pal	5
dont even fwm no more	1
going to run some errands then go to the pool	0
b:blossom:m dia	0
i still aint been to sleep its so much on my mind	1
if you didnt tweet so much i wouldnt have to respond so much	0
good morning diane .  .  . have a lovely thursday too sweetie	0
its my bears bday tom yay!!!! missed you	1
well .  when the thing which u do is hard .  follow your heart it shows the right path . 	0
down i want some too	0
i have work in a few	1
i mean yeah wtf then gon ask me why im mad	2
i mean yeah wtf then gon ask me why im mad	4
literally though theres fucking nothing to ever do anymore	1
where do i order	1
twitter needs to stop refreshing .  my tl just too lit rn #betawards	0
anyone know a good place to get my battery replaced in my iphone ?  not trying to go through all the insurance/warranty bs again	2
anyone know a good place to get my battery replaced in my iphone ?  not trying to go through all the insurance/warranty bs again	4
yall thanks for letting me be on the board #betacon16 s/o to the freshmens	0
its a big big shit!	1
really making me want to dye my hair right now !	1
youre welcome semangat teruss ,  i love you	0
youre welcome semangat teruss ,  i love you	0
yea yea dont rub it in	0
im sitting next to my dad and he talkin bout "is it a skunk in your pocket ? " ctfu if you say so daddy	0
we watched the biggest game in nba history tonight #nbafinals	3
we watched the biggest game in nba history tonight #nbafinals	5
i just dont understand some things . 	1
after high school soccer games on the way home on the bus and you and your team start singing tragos de amargo #paisatwitter	0
we all will go to florida soon	0
yo i love she always got a beef . 	0
youre so welcome! were having the time of our life doing all this . 	0
omg cant wait to see this movie friday #findingdory	5
why you lying	0
how you feel #cominhomewithaniggafortonight	0
hate wales with a passion!	2
we can still be friends b	1
then he tried to get in his face bron would being curry 10x	0
good #soccersaturday now i have to set my alarm for tomorrow am when its usually my day off .  blah #euro2016 #copaamerica	1
wish i knew good spanish lol	1
im honestly so content with my life rn	0
your political tweets increase by the day .  coming from a fan .  .  .  with lots of love .  .  .  but i wish you wouldnt	0
thank you!	0
high key feel like a potato	1
-lil wayne slick fine im gross for that but whatever	1
its so beautiful! really! good job , oppas! miss hs oppa!	0
its so beautiful! really! good job , oppas! miss hs oppa!	1
summer class is over	0
control alt delete my life	1
not again ? 	3
not again ? 	5
never been so excited to see the iezzi family i missed them soooo much	0
thank you for helping have a well deserved after a long hard week . 	4
a hug means i need you a kiss means i love you a call means i miss you	1
a hug means i need you a kiss means i love you a call means i miss you	0
a hug means i need you a kiss means i love you a call means i miss you	1
going to see finding dory with mom this weekend	0
i would really rather cut my pinkie toes off than cut my hair  .  .  long hair i do care	1
twas only a joke	0
my car needs to be painted .  i want blaaaaackkkkk	1
the amazon fire stick live it got everything on there	0
got one	0
maybe somebody will be nice enough to give it to us tonight	1
this calc class can get eat one  .  . 	1
u already know blood swe to god	4
huftyup	0
wishing a very happy happy birthday! may your year ahead be filled with madness and lots of laughter .  sending you big phat hug	0
im about to get me some wingstop	4
i honestly dont understand how chris puts up with me he deserves a	0
one good thing about the uk summer .  .  . no chance of wild fires	0
i love poshmark lmao	0
im going 2-0 .  .  .  .  . just not saying to who . 	0
i only call two people daddy arnold and myself	0
when you have a date planned and they back out .  kk	1
son doing the most at these morning hours	0
i hate fucking milk .  which is ironic cause i love another white ,  creamy substance with such a passion . 	0
im happy for you bes ss kamo	0
yes it was!!	0
i can never sleep when im supposed to be asleep so just gonna sleep another day away	0
people walking in to the sound of the antidote by + and everything is in its place	0
yeah lol .  .  i been bumping your "blown smoke  song it gets me in a zone checked out ur other stuff on sc . 	0
girl its gonna kill you ,  dont do it	1
i dont know who i want to win mkxl just please dont let it be fox	0
i am seriously reflecting on my puns im sorry ill improve	0
so welcome paul! have a fab day	0
so the curry bandwagons can be revived ?  its a lose - lose situation	0
oh no!! what does it mean when i get the message "subject token is invalid" ? ! ?  cant be left hanging on my #gameofthrones !!	4
dudeeeee i ate popeyes today too	0
ikr hahaa theyre just too perfect from head to toe how is that possible	0
seriously ,  am i the only one who cant find where to put my hands under an automatic faucet ? 	2
just wanna stay in the room in bed ,  but i gosta go support my baller . 	0
how to be happy again po ? 	1
so i ended up sleeping with the lights on last night bc of this 360 video	2
so i ended up sleeping with the lights on last night bc of this 360 video	4
i think you should discuss larping on the pod	0
i like cats	0
hey girl remember me  ? 	0
cant wait for this vacation	0
yay!! thanks for the love!	0
rip cousin	1
50 dead that is not right .  my heart dropped .  how sad .  how cruel .  so many people	1
50 dead that is not right .  my heart dropped .  how sad .  how cruel .  so many people	1
50 dead that is not right .  my heart dropped .  how sad .  how cruel .  so many people	4
great minds	0
anybody i fuck with is because i want to not need to ,  tbh everybody can dip	0
a tear literally rolled down my cheek after reading abt the shooting .  .  .  its so fucking crazy yall #prayfororlando #prayforhumanity	1
a tear literally rolled down my cheek after reading abt the shooting .  .  .  its so fucking crazy yall #prayfororlando #prayforhumanity	1
a tear literally rolled down my cheek after reading abt the shooting .  .  .  its so fucking crazy yall #prayfororlando #prayforhumanity	1
a tear literally rolled down my cheek after reading abt the shooting .  .  .  its so fucking crazy yall #prayfororlando #prayforhumanity	1
a tear literally rolled down my cheek after reading abt the shooting .  .  .  its so fucking crazy yall #prayfororlando #prayforhumanity	1
a tear literally rolled down my cheek after reading abt the shooting .  .  .  its so fucking crazy yall #prayfororlando #prayforhumanity	1
i ask myself that every game	1
my nickname for him is knock off	0
good luck with that  ,  and be implicated ?  ? 	1
congrats	0
cavs taking that dub	2
my eye hurt so bad	2
my eye hurt so bad	4
lmfao thanks donny barnes	0
im so stubborn	4
i left you on read for a god damn reason ,  now stop texting me	0
i am going to miss you	1
my voice has definitely dropped and i only noticed looking at pre t videos	0
game time	0
im miserable having surgery sucks	1
im miserable having surgery sucks	1
when youre about to re watch scandal plus then new episodes	0
i would never take your filthy ass serious	0
tembisa can take her time hey ,  can look at jessica all day	0
i didnt even know .  sorry	1
oh damn .  not home yet .  ill add you and hopefully youll be on when i get home so can lose . 	0
i never really been one to be posting me and bae pics .  as far as yall know im single forevaaaaaa	0
i want a snow ball	1
i waved to you!!! lol i got excited and i know ill be at my moms today! i wanna come see youuu	1
love	0
i remember i found $100 in my pocket one day	0
yes isnt wonderful moi ,  kayne and trump #allgeminis that must say something .  .  .  . weve said already	0
i was literally just thinking about cake .  .  .  and how i hadnt had any for ages looks sooo good! enjoy!	0
i was literally just thinking about cake .  .  .  and how i hadnt had any for ages looks sooo good! enjoy!	5
in the club watching wit my pistol	2
yeah ,  he is very cute	0
you gotta see the video i was like taisha wth	0
hes on the wrong island then xxx	0
yeessss ,  i threw up	0
i think ill just wait until tomorrow after carls marks are supposed to be up then ill start emailing people	0
is such a cool person . 	0
me too g cuz im struggling over here	0
very cool what ya sent for your pops! hes a brilliant dude .  .  . 	0
thank you . 	0
when people are in it for the money	2
when people are in it for the money	4
gorgeous! i love following you on	0
finding dory #excited	0
raggle fraggle! !!!	0
everybody at the movies  , 	1
it was .  .  .  its just not good to me at all but for some weirdo reason i had wanted more had to never go back	3
it was .  .  .  its just not good to me at all but for some weirdo reason i had wanted more had to never go back	5
im so sorry .  i know how hard you work on your stories .  its just despicable!	1
so ready to shower and gts	1
late night horror flicks	0
thank you b	0
played around with playgrounds in xcode 8 yesterday .  found it to still be as frustrating as its been since launch . 	2
played around with playgrounds in xcode 8 yesterday .  found it to still be as frustrating as its been since launch . 	5
why are you asking me a hard question ?  i cant choose one ,  i like all of you . 	0
imma just throw my phone one good time	0
damn right it was i was looking foward to that damn pie now i cant bc some low day mf threw it away	1
ive had hiccups for the past two hours and its driving me insane	1
yep .  roll on friday . 	0
i realize how truly pathetic my life is when i say ive never actually been to the beach	3
i realize how truly pathetic my life is when i say ive never actually been to the beach	5
high as fuck & o yeah warriors	1
sorry i forgot it was yo bday	1
bring me a slushy and some hot fries	0
1st day back at work after a month in sick after op  .  .  feck im all sore now	1
im not good at adulting	0
tell him ryanne said happy 6 months and thank you	0
what a gorgeous day . 	0
so you know the ting set	0
i changed my wallpaper too .  i love this edit .  .  looks so cute and fluffy . 	0
ima b g o o d	0
yeah dude makes me wish i could sing	0
this is bs ,  game 6 was tonight and game 7 is on sunday ?  i fucking work on sunday lol	1
yay! ive been wanting to try them forever but i could never find them at the store	1
i drank tequila by myself halp	1
i aint got no time for no side girl im already tryna make time for yo fine ass	0
the only thing i can think about rn is my leftover chicken & shrimp carbonara from og thats in the fridge	1
卌 i prefer the bass player .  .  . 	0
damn joey how could i forget about you	1
i like you	0
just got titanfall in the xbone store for £6 always wanted to play it and now i finally can before the 2nd comes out	0
new orleans chicks only want niggas who local famous	1
okay ,  but i added you already ,  ill leave if you follow the acc . 	0
im sorry baby . 	1
im so small	1
this is a fasho lie	0
you sung it	0
no more fever only chest pains and sore muscles	1
lies	0
dont hurt our frogs! they come out every year!	0
i go back to work tomorrow i broke my ankle a month ago so i havent been doing shit	1
it happens though	0
fr most annoying thing	1
lmfao this one is even better .  bhai photoshop ki training hum ko bhi redo	0
to whom ? 	0
tell me	2
tell me	4
i wanna cuddle	0
then today	3
then today	5
spending my healing day binge watching all of videos	0
lol well thats no fun but aright sounds good	0
thank you honey xxxx	0
nah im done magic flip	0
morning! have a nice day!	0
if youre a single man that owns a trench coat	0
dead ass be late everyday	0
i told you not in front of them  ,  but lemme dm how i was bouta respond to this tweet ion wanna be messy tho	0
i told you not in front of them  ,  but lemme dm how i was bouta respond to this tweet ion wanna be messy tho	1
is that a yes	0
there was a hot guy in my dream that was interested in me & i forgot to give him my number	1
my mom is currently telling me stories of women being attacked while walking home late at night to scare me into coming home earlier	0
oh yes .  .  .  a lot!! so many great restaurants to choose from too	0
arts ¿	1
how great is this season ? ! ?  i need to start it soon	1
yeah ,  i still dont know how to do international packages without making shipping expensive	1
yeah ,  i still dont know how to do international packages without making shipping expensive	5
i want some fruit	1
i never really realized how easily i cry until this last few weeks	0
- throwing a party for ant this weekend ,  be ready!	0
"the girls started soccer today!" my "so ,  wait a minute ,  youre officially a soccer mom ?  with a minivan ? "	3
"the girls started soccer today!" my "so ,  wait a minute ,  youre officially a soccer mom ?  with a minivan ? "	5
andrea makes me feel like a princess with her love and attention	0
yine jack	0
colum scott // dancing on my own	1
colum scott // dancing on my own	4
yea ,  we need it .  wiiu isnt that great . 	1
damn no one wants to give it up ,  but someones gotta give .  #nbafinals	2
she say she ainn really made love in ah min	0
 .  . the with the great voice . 	0
on god ,  i use to have good memory until i started drinking lean	1
melt my heart	0
only problem is ,  i dont feel like getting up to get ready	0
shall i say "he waz quiet ,  kept to himself and helped old folk cross the road" ? 	0
couldnt get my waffles so got tacos instead	1
thanks to my #1 inspiration .  .  .  this is for our future .  .  .  hahaha i love you!	0
thanks to my #1 inspiration .  .  .  this is for our future .  .  .  hahaha i love you!	0
i only get dressed to take pictures	0
i eat this shii for breakfast! with a little bit of orange juice	0
so packing actually didnt take that long just hope i dont forget anything #gettingedcready! #4moredays	0
so packing actually didnt take that long just hope i dont forget anything #gettingedcready! #4moredays	0
barely finished our games for today	1
ghad christina gimmies last tweet was 9 hours ago .  #prayforchristina	1
at least hilary has lived there before	0
chances we repeat in 4x4 are looking pretty slim us has about 10 sub 45 guys to duke it out ,  weve got one .  . 	1
sex appeal is a major and a lot of you hoes aint got it	0
i want to go makeup shopping but really i should get priorities straight first	1
ive felt a little off colour this evening	1
best sports reporter is leaving us but there is more out there for ya big guy ,  good luck!	0
me i was promised one yesterday	1
haha matric pass hai wo ,  matlab educated	0
theres still plenty of time!!	0
it was a blast finally meeting you! i just realized we didnt get a picture together!! noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo	1
just wanna spend all my money on tattoos	1
thanks for dinner	2
thanks for dinner	4
to me ,  "summer" starts when school ends ,  not june 20th . 	0
my dad made me go	2
my dad made me go	4
hey varuns crush	0
and im in denial lol	0
hah ,  blocked	0
why bitches be thinking they know me	1
ha!!!! i know	0
if i can lose some more weight i would so happy with my life	0
just realized why i was so emotional all of a sudden nvm false alarm . 	1
wild remix ft .  alessia	0
im just gonna carry around a bottle of advil and some pepto today	0
a whole wig unoe  ,  ill actually burn a bridge wigs are not cheap	1
11 sleeps to my next week in the sun ,  cant wait rhodes here i come	0
were gonna be like	3
im in love with costa cafe coffee and hot chocolate with soy milk so good	0
being taxed for having a period	2
being taxed for having a period	4
still up and have to get up in a few hours	1
put his arms around me pulling me close to him and he kissed me so cute omg ajkdjdn	1
talk a good game	0
your loving the footie	0
wilder is a great athlete ! tyson is a better boxer !	0
im in this car and all i can smell is breath fam	4
thanks for following me	0
i have so much lub for kevin gates	0
just worked out i havent seen my dog in 11 weeks and i am very very sad about it	1
saving money is the worst .  i gotta control myself not to spend anything anymore	1
saving money is the worst .  i gotta control myself not to spend anything anymore	4
i also have ydc fomo	2
i also have ydc fomo	4
love youuuu	0
i want a milkshake	0
yeah its cool i like to be left on read	0
man they was weird	0
aww man u got some shit witchu	0
omg no way i have been secretly waiting for you to reveal who your man is!!! so damn cute omg	0
omg no way i have been secretly waiting for you to reveal who your man is!!! so damn cute omg	0
im stupid ?  ?  ?  yall the ones wanna be fighting and shit straight up trash	0
havent read any of my new book and the holiday is almost complete	2
havent read any of my new book and the holiday is almost complete	5
i cant wait for slfl na ,  i cant wait to see them again in september and have the best night of my life	0
just explained what an offside is to hahaha the hardest part is over	0
you right! very relaxing!	0
ion no soft ass niqqa but i wnt a dwn ass female	1
so i dont get as excited bc i am afraid they wont like it	1
lmfao had pink  , brown & black	0
oh shoot! i gotta go play that one that was the jam too . 	0
think he meant that swiss had 4th best pass stat but its because they play little easy passes at the back so it doesnt count	0
and one will see you later ,  the other will see you after a while	0
true say bro americans for you though	2
true say bro americans for you though	4
im trying to eat	0
since you been away i been down & lonely	1
hello can congratulate my best friend on her birthday os the august 14 please:folded_hands:and th…	0
just happy people agree with me how shit he is	0
will one of my artistic mutuals draw my actual otp for the fan art challenge ?  my actual otp is david+saphael	0
another terribly 1-sided rc coming . as always apart from bigger-fish-to-fry rwc yrs . oh well , at least eng smashed the convicts	0
ooh no im soooo scared	0
after this appointment i wanna hang out ,  whos available today ? 	0
i have two journals tho .  one is a prayer journal and the other is just for venting and such .  but it helps . 	0
thanks! good times	0
i believe it to	0
why you say that	0
my makeup skills getting up there	0
basti the only player with a stat to his name & thats only because of a #smallclub player	0
mfs and their cross wires smh	1
that was how i wound up watching prometheus .  .  . 	1
bubble gang	0
nicole isnt a #kisserbutter	0
haha yeah not exactly tan weather at the moment .  thanks girl	0
thinking who i think it is	0
you gone always be my shawty ,  you gone always be my shoota ,  you gone always be my homie ,  you gone always be my partner	0
imma start going out by myself	1
how many times has this happened and still been drunk	0
i saw car ellevator in ur studio in marzias vlog is that true	5
we need to do something similar to last night	0
least i warned ya pop them moves princess xoxo	0
i hate waking up in the middle of the night	1
i love the step curry & lebron james trash talking	0
trying to do crazy fun things this summer but so far i just netflixed and chilled	1
not even the month of july and ppl are already blasting fireworks theyve been going at it for hours now but very sparingly	1
thats so true!	0
racism is such a weird thing i mean honestly why would anyone feel better than anyone else because of where they were born im	1
dont worry ,  you can have that same bow when he is finished with it	0
thats what i like to hear bro .  best be rooting for cavs and not hopping on the dub nation band wagon	0
i dont even know what im doing anymore	1
girl if you dont werkkkkkkk	0
girl if you dont werkkkkkkk	1
lol i could going if you want  ?  lol i didnt have enough space tho	0
i miss my baby	1
oh i bet i am	0
my heart literally bleeds for the victims in orlando #loveislove	1
i just added u!	0
i miss	1
we not sharing	1
i love the fact that my dad is a mechanic & i can call him for anything because i am a total idiot when it comes to cars	0
i been sleep since i got out the pool earlier  ,  i need a life	0
i blinked & it was tied up	2
let me be your #partnerforchange . 	0
rip christina	1
anyone else got trypophobia  ? 	4
amazing chance! dream machine count me in please thanks lots!! #hughesrock	0
amazing chance! dream machine count me in please thanks lots!! #hughesrock	0
13:13 .   . nialls almost 23 on the 13th of a coming month i cant breathe	5
why the fuck is it so fucken hot!!!!	2
i did not appreciate a cat lunging for my ankles this morning as i was running #evil	2
apart from those 5 ?  even little words count	0
apart from those 5 ?  even little words count	0
& my father does not go to the club .  catch him onna street or inna corner store or something	0
up asf	3
up asf	5
happy fathers day! frm philippines . 	0
happy fathers day! frm philippines . 	0
i wish i took school less seriously in high school and more seriously now i am in college . 	0
enjoyed myself so much at the hello kitty robot k event yesterday	0
it just poked me in my eye ill be right back	0
wanna do more strickly practise ?  no more sofa jumping *cuddling kitty*	3
wanna do more strickly practise ?  no more sofa jumping *cuddling kitty*	5
talk to the hand coz the face aint listening #bbuk #greatsaying	0
3 days	0
hahaha i just meant next year since my as arent doing so hot	0
back to abuja .  guys ,  im here for a week! start booking your shoots oh! no time! please rt . 	0
if you could die of laughter i think i just did	1
beer bellies look like theyre made outta cement	1
psychology you don’t really need someone to complete you .  you only need someone to accept you completely .  #a…	0
wen u ready jus drop somethin nice in my dm!	0
kingston town	0
done yall	0
that may have been the	0
def need my phone fixed	0
online shopping	1
online shopping	4
i dont sweat nun	0
fuck im tryna be cuddle up rn	2
fuck im tryna be cuddle up rn	4
cant wait for it to be july already so power can come on	0
thats dead as fuck	0
no but you may spoil it for people	2
no but you may spoil it for people	4
3-0 whitewash come on you england .  coach/manager of year claudio ranieri or eddie jones ?  #engaus #history #whatadifferenceayearmakes	0
seriously 100°f in my room it feels like	1
i mean after a while/several flashes of mental instability you are the fool for hanging in there . 	1
aww so glad i ran into today miss you girl	0
aww so glad i ran into today miss you girl	0
he say he dont miss me ,  i know that he lying	0
omg! and just think .  .  . there are so many ppl out there that would do anything to be able to have a baby . 	1
im bored of my twitter dayl wanna write me a bio  ? 	2
im bored of my twitter dayl wanna write me a bio  ? 	4
want to explore davao!!	1
everyday i realize even more how spoiled i am	0
expect the unexpected	0
thank you papa	0
it was an amazing show were all so proud of all you and phil have achieved:face_blowing_a_kiss::red_heart:️	0
i rather be drinking some chelas w/my man instead of being at ugly work	2
ok ok	0
sturridge trying to do a suarez on lallana .  .  .  . 	0
everytime i look at you it hurt	1
were only half through 2016 and it has already been a horrifying year ,  all these deaths are too much	1
all good things eventually come to an end	1
all good things eventually come to an end	4
you perfect human	0
im going to miss it	1
just kidding	0
beautifulll collage	0
it was me! wouldnt have been a surprise if i told before the con	0
awh thanks! maybe that could be a future plan	0
awh thanks! maybe that could be a future plan	0
i like your thinking	0
omg thank you so much em!	0
then come get me	2
no bastard way!!!! text me! and no i go to france on wednesday morning  .  .  .  when else are you free ? 	1
donald glover in the next spider-man:spider:movie and that news:mobile_phone_with_arrow:is making me:princess_medium_skin_tone::sparkles:strongly consider:thinking_face:committing b/c im so	0
hes literally the cutest thing ever	1
cant imagine with all the shit turkey is going through every day anyway ,  then this .  .  .  theyre in such a mess .  those jo average peeps	1
so 15/20 lounge is the move tonight	0
thanks cesar	0
karma a muhfucka	0
love this! you guys are brilliant . 	0
victoria secrets has mandals i would love someone for eternity if they bought be a pair	0
thank you for reading this entire thread .  dont forget to share this message on to others so that you can increase in your own rewards . 	0
i love kevin&dreka	1
im going saturday to tahoe	0
i got to "sleep in" until 8 today and it was amazing . 	0
im probably just unhappy cause im hot cause this heat brings out a different me i swear	1
when i throw things out my car window and it blows back in i feel like thats the lord smacking me for littering	0
omg i cant believe you did that!! you know no one will ever come close to louis	3
omg i cant believe you did that!! you know no one will ever come close to louis	5
the score right now and its only the 2nd quarter	3
the score right now and its only the 2nd quarter	5
riots	3
riots	5
thats really	0
lol i add vodka and white rum to all my slushies  .  .  .  .  idc if i may have a problem	0
i cant find my purse	1
his face is very round and those cheeks look like siopao	1
when i came home i started carrying my brother & kissing him & he then greeted me with some vomit straight to my eyes	0
maybe i make messes because i like to clean . 	0
youre going to be forcibly removed soon . 	0
4 day vacation	2
it really means a lot to me when people keep trying to hangout with me even though my schedule is impossible	0
they trying u they dont want no problems lol	0
stranger (hope we can be friends) bike bc username vice 9/10 10/10	0
bitch albino talking bout hello my name is susan wallas	0
suns used to be so cold  .  .  . 	1
i hope i wake up in the morning for my	1
shush you	0
i love you	0
haha its ok yeah but true my name is icha .  not raisa but risa	0
haha its ok yeah but true my name is icha .  not raisa but risa	0
bruh gay .  .  . and my stomach hurt	1
thanks babe	0
calculus makes me stay up	2
calculus makes me stay up	4
found all the key sets from forest ,  v happy me	0
am i the only person how will go to home depot just to look at all of the lights they are like christmas lights	0
my boss is hardly ever watching if were working	0
dont sleep on kendrick	4
how disappointing	1
how disappointing	5
happy late late bday	0
incredible	0
pain is awful ,  but morphine helps .  so all in all its okay . 	0
sometimes you just need a break lol	1
sometimes you just need a break lol	4
get a job	0
weve just replied to your dm ben	0
talking to someone whos worthy of everything	0
had the same problem	0
you dont gotta thank me!! and girl same!! lets hang sometime ? 	0
why is it remainers have so much concern for everything ,  except democracy ? 	1
lord give me the strength	1
great tweet to start the day	0
crazy what youd do to take down your own daughter but dont worry i know you still love me so much	4
y r u so pretty	0
break over wit in 3 mins	2
break over wit in 3 mins	4
getting the email that my annual pass is about to expire is so sad	1
gimme my gots	0
same here u kno how we coming	0
same here u kno how we coming	0
thank you	0
i think its way better than round neck .  hahahahhaha	0
happy birthday late late	0
i dont wanna make a poll ill just stream a game that i feel to play later	0
you know this was lowkey you	0
what a tragic story to hear before i sleep orlando	1
lmao ,  yea that .  thanks torrey	0
it is going to be our tradition!!!!	0
spit game in his ear  ,  have em sell his soul	0
youre welcome	0
u see .  .  ? 	0
i forgot how truly awesome you are	0
ladies of all ages strive to look half that beautiful in glasses!!	0
ummi got me cooking tonight	0
thats why i got mine back in like may lol	0
i thought moms were supposed to help boost your confidence and make you feel wanted .  guess i was wrong . 	1
wow read my bio .  it clearly states not a weeb .  sign is 69	2
lol lies ,  ze feeling is mutual	0
loveddddd and all the references .  .  .  including the #breakingbad nod! walter and jesse the sheep #zootopia	0
4 got damn hours	0
good! youll finally get that reference i made in my research paper	0
dad came home and the first thing he does is do a fake cry and scream "why is tom hiddleston with taylor swift ? !"	0
i dont have a problem with anymore  ,  if you think you have a problem w/ me stfu and jump off a cliff bitch	0
if yall bold post the person that gave u head and them	1
just wanna talk to my boyfriend	1
lol im waiting on you	0
fuck conjuring 2	1
if they hating ,  you doing something right	0
where the candy ? 	0
finding dory was sooo cute	1
i use my fucks to give wisely thank you very much	0
i love you babe:weary_face::heart_with_arrow:someone who appreciates me and sees the	1
hate seeing one my main niggas like this .  .  i just want all of my niggas to be happy	2
hate seeing one my main niggas like this .  .  i just want all of my niggas to be happy	4
look at everyone faces  .  they look confused	0
today is going to be such a good day cant wait to see jon	0
when are we going to hang out ? 	0
she got assassinated ,  while signing autographs ,  so sad and unnecessary	1
play with that a little	0
youll be fine i tell you	0
may allah ease everything .  bismillahirrahmanirrahim	0
kinda think its the other way around but whatever you say	2
kinda think its the other way around but whatever you say	5
people were getting decked left right and centre	0
that was so funny	0
or should we just be happy that we are being recognized ? 	1
want to meet at plum lounge ? 	0
i want a friend thats exactly like me .  thatd be great .  lol	0
pretty much	0
they just arrived ,  we are waiting for them at baggage	0
i be so dam happy to lay in the bed when i get off	1
norwegian and austrian ski jumping teams are together .  i cant handle this .  #skijumpingfamily	0
she definitely is .  thanks . 	0
try to ask your "idols"	0
cz kaidens like 27 already	0
what is this sorcery you speak of ? 	0
looks good still tho	0
my best purchase has to be my macbook	0
i want chick fila but its so far	4
- we never talked much but you cool people and really pretty and you can ball	0
i wasnt quite sure it was you and i didnt want to be awkward	0
ohhhh my god	0
how you feeling now #lasteverday	1
had a dream i had my baby	3
had a dream i had my baby	5
stick to holding the punchbag big lad	0
no sour grapes here mate happy for wales ha! fuck the germans	0
feel like starting on this school work low key	1
lmao cause hes stupid enough to do that .  just another rumor dont be ignorant	0
ive lost it but ive watched it now your beautiful smile have fun tonight habibi	0
ive lost it but ive watched it now your beautiful smile have fun tonight habibi	0
ive lost it but ive watched it now your beautiful smile have fun tonight habibi	1
such a struggle for me to get out of bed this morning	1
different engine in mg this year and two yes sir no sir drivers focus will come back ,  wait and see	0
messenger pingping	0
its friday	0
 . @ubcprez our indian curries and fresh sandwiches/wraps are our best sellers .  come by were on the lower level	0
- youre pretty and can dress	0
before you didnt nigga .  but then we had a whole conversation about it and we still was bestfriends so	0
turn 20 in 9 days warped tour in 14 days with #toosweetsummer	0
you dont deja  ? 	1
hes crazy	0
a new school semester will be here before i know it . 	0
cant wait to see kanye september 8th	0
everybody gets a free taco for the stolen road game	1
someone bring me wingstop	0
we really use to ride bikes from lynn haven cross town as jits just to take them niggas hoes dedication #aintnogasmoney	1
a bill is never just a simple bill in dc & its the fine print that politicians never want us 2 read until after passed	2
cant go wrong with a bob	0
i know how 4 of them will perform . 	0
july 12th slowly approaching	0
me every day basically	0
goodnight . 	0
im in love with my dance shoes yeses . 	0
happy birthday beautiful	0
his career has been tarnished by his tramp of a son	0
lil baddie named anjelica fuccs wit me but fuck your name	0
damn	1
wild remix ft .  alessia	0
i start my first job tomorrow .  9-5 ,  suit and tie ,  etc . 	0
one down ,  five to go	0
kinda sad that my snapchat story wont post	1
wtf wes date this girl ,  shes	0
happy birthday ,  te rizza! enjoy and take care! god bless! miss uu	0
happy birthday ,  te rizza! enjoy and take care! god bless! miss uu	0
thanks caydin!	0
"spread it like butter!" "jesus got the bill . " "bring it down now . " -@aristocait94 we have entirely too much fun when were together!	0
margot robbie	0
ive to submit my summary tmrw but oh my god im so	1
hehe self reward	0
i dont feel 21	1
shout out to & for keeping me from dying last night	0
i jinxed myself with what i said the other day i cant wait to leave now ,  6 more days	1
hi ,  you will always be my ate by heart i miss you so much .  wish ko na masaya ka sa new school mo	0
nigga loves pushing my buttons	2
nigga loves pushing my buttons	4
my paigey poo comes back today i missed her	0
my paigey poo comes back today i missed her	0
but i cant have kids right now even if i wanted ,  which i dont .  it makes me want to keep doing what im doing	0
standing outside in the waiting to be let in the venue .  see & walk by .  too hot to move . 	1
wow love the attachments you get with it	0
love a backless top	0
yay i forgot i told my friends id go to the movies w them today and go get tacos at my job after	0
thanksss	0
haha thank you pena	0
had fun today	0
hello yes i just landed in san diego yay	0
i shall keep that in mind!	0
i wouldnt mind being that someone	0
backkkk to work tmrw boy did this weekend fly by	1
what the fuck	1
thank u callum x	0
this voice hasnt got any better and i feel ,  look ,  and sound horrible	1
yes you are correct this is exactly you	0
daddy tiller in 2 weeks	0
ogmanman disrespectful is hell real demon	0
ogmanman disrespectful is hell real demon	2
lmao fr	0
lmao right	0
tell ashlyn to meet me at my house and we ended up looking at hotels to book oops	3
tell ashlyn to meet me at my house and we ended up looking at hotels to book oops	5
im not sad im laughing	0
payett	0
you seem to be supporting #isis #killings #homophobe in the holy month #orlandoshooting	5
novak is a skier ?  i thought hes a vegan	0
omg come organize mine	1
- we use to be close! but we fell off ,  still love ya girl . 	0
birthday a month away	0
tory lanez music was live until i heard him perform i was like ooooo shit cut it down but he still a good artist	0
you post him on twitter i dont you claim you his bitch and i dont	0
my daddy gone inbox me on facebook & ask did i block his number yes i did tf	0
my daddy gone inbox me on facebook & ask did i block his number yes i did tf	1
she did are you sure ?  they just mention england fans	0
when you think this boy cant get any stupider but there he goes .  . 	0
think it is hilarious how when james corden is annoyed about something ,  he rubs is chin first to get serious ,  so funny	0
i hate when a mf that complain about everything	2
i hate when a mf that complain about everything	4
finally got the ios 10 update	2
fml never leaving my house again . 	1
i have so many girl twitter crushes just bc theyre so many beautiful girls	0
that sentence from you opens up too many connotations however ill take the most innocent	0
that sentence from you opens up too many connotations however ill take the most innocent	0
little man  ?  what u tryna do baby	0
miss you guys	1
ive gotten compliments on my tattoo like 20 times today	0
well thats better then	0
 im going swimming tomorrow fuck that	2
 im going swimming tomorrow fuck that	4
im just now seeing this .  thanks roomie	0
im just now seeing this .  thanks roomie	0
when im bored is when i decide to answer people back	1
so you mean everyone is soft for you but me then . 	1
i have absolutely no plans today and i dont whether thats good or bad	0
chic fil a knows my name by heart	1
youre the best victoria .  love you	0
yes i do	1
sorry samuel i forgot about you	0
just this time sha	0
if he play you then its rule #2 fuck his bestfriend & make them yes men	0
running late this morning & so dont wanna go to work	1
luke bryan is hawtttt asf #cmtawards	0
you do it for me automatically ,  thanks queen	0
lol sorry	0
you duh	0
i want to ,  but even then ,  the cna jobs ive researched still require some type of direct patient care experience beforehand	1
i hope jamil okay	1
shorting jokes is a neverending story around here	0
im crying	1
thanks so much for actually making this a reality .  you da best	0
its gunna be good day cuz i say so	0
sorry .  .  . you can come stay with me . 	0
i love that ,  even after a 13 hour day of work ,  im leaving with a smile on my face #beinlovewithwhatyoudo #makeadifference	0
birthday coming real real soon	0
shuman for midnight snacks hahahahaha	0
good its not lyme disease .  bad my thyroid levels are way out of whack .  certainly explains why ive felt like shit lately	1
yeah i think thats it .  that location wasnt the same since the beginning of october of last year since 2 good managers left	1
fuck that lil hoe ima dog too	0
her fuckin nephew sound like a grown ass man snoring like wtf i need to go the fuck home dead ass	2
her fuckin nephew sound like a grown ass man snoring like wtf i need to go the fuck home dead ass	4
wish i could	1
somebody text me	0
red lights are alien concept in delhi and pedestrians well only the poor walk	0
happy birthday ,  i ship genefel enjoy your day!	0
yes i do	2
yes i do	4
definitely	1
goodnight!	0
i hate how ill do raw food veganism for weeks straight then i wont have time one day so ill just ruin it	1
nah well just be .  .  .  chillin .  .  . 	0
trying to find the words to say in a message that should be so simple man its so peak	1
dejamee	0
winner will be announced on tuesday 28th june at 12pm .  #mphistory by bowes castle	0
the mini flirting in that scene	0
after a long time of loving blackbear ,  i finally know his real name	0
in need of a beach day	1
but posted it on twitter! will someone care ? 	1
growth is some powerful shit	0
wonderful!	0
yes the aliens are visiting	0
how you gunna protect a man who killed 49 people	0
look at fat ass	0
thanks a whole bunch for following me!! #teamfollowback	0
thought messi said alexi sanchez isnt enough for barca now whos better 2 copaamerica after leaving barcelona	0
thought messi said alexi sanchez isnt enough for barca now whos better 2 copaamerica after leaving barcelona	1
thought messi said alexi sanchez isnt enough for barca now whos better 2 copaamerica after leaving barcelona	0
this weather is just depressing	1
lmfaoo i know	1
thanks helen so glad its over! i had notes yes ,  started reading from them but ended up improvising	0
the worst part of working in healthcare .  no one cares about you eating	2
the worst part of working in healthcare .  no one cares about you eating	4
happy birthday man like marbles have a good one lad	0
i gonna start to tell people that oui .  will use ultimate events to replace rizzonis or something	0
i think i should make a "low quality jin" account .  theres like no active ones out there	1
"a walk to remember" never fails to make me	1
its dryyyyyyyyy	1
someone bring me dutch it will be the last one i have for a long time	1
jessy is slaying #mmkpoledance	0
i know im scared	1
bobo puked blood .  .  why tho .  i tot the stitches open but nope its healing nicely .  gotta call the vet	1
still battling flu but im winning	0
hate people that get involved in stuff that doesnt involve them	2
happy birthday love you	0
i am visiting tripoli and saïdia/oujda through my friends snapchat accounts and i love that	0
i love you more	0
ss301 same group	0
i wanna talk to somebody but i feel like ima just fall asleep on em and aint no point	0
when you get that feeling that ppl dont wanna be bothered	1
when u drop ya phone in water . 	1
sorry	1
i turn the nasty 19 this year lol	2
just got fucked up while updating ios .  suddenly my phone stuck at itunes logo	2
just got fucked up while updating ios .  suddenly my phone stuck at itunes logo	4
theyre the worst	2
theyre the worst	4
congrats!! enjoy the show	0
girl this sex so good i shouldnt have to fuck for free	0
exciting to may inspiration to watch aldub and #aldubebfathersday	0
see you done caught that fuck nigga flu	1
dont know what to do with myself now ive finished peaky blinders	1
miss you too! i need to catch up! they dont have the march episodes online	1
always gotta wake up in the middle of my dream	2
always gotta wake up in the middle of my dream	4
but this traffic	1
gonna be so lonely when tom goes back into the army	1
if i have twin daughters ill name them layla and leia	0
oh thats why ,  but some says i act like a matured one (idk why)	0
i hate sleeping alone	2
i hate sleeping alone	4
they fucked up with these retweets	0
 . @trevornoah is so beautiful . 	3
 . @trevornoah is so beautiful . 	5
happy birthday baby enjoy	0
happy birthday baby enjoy	0
a big part of me secretly wants you to like me	0
when the queen smiles its just beautiful she is just radiant! #queenat90	0
yeah my team had my password im just now getting it back	0
mostly similar blogs to mine ,  but some different ones too .  im pretty open minded #blogospherechat	0
and raipur also welcomes d rains .  .  .  d much awaited one .  . 	0
couple of cows & pigs but no penguins did you have a good day	0
i mixed some up for weaselhead gobshite	0
well see	0
perfection . 	1
twitter beef is the funniest thing to read	0
ill give u 100 beans if u kno what im singing	0
dont hate lol! let her out	0
starting to realize why my junior year was a living hell . 	1
shawty wanna taste of the high life	0
 .  .  .  .  .  . omg sulking leorio come join kurapika in the darkness ,  shhhh its okay its nice in here #hunterxhunter	0
im fucking done this shit too accurate	0
im fucking done this shit too accurate	1
all 3 of yall did better than me	0
haha! id join tinder solely for the laughs ,  but i dont know if my husband would appreciate that	0
i have so many final projects due & not enough time	1
12-present - arrow begins ,  one of the main characters is called felicity ,  and shes cool .  name is finally normal #growingupwithmyname	0
i feel this so hard	0
i couldnt have sex with a room full of people .  .  .  #loveisland	3
when youve avoided the scores waiting for motd and someone reels them off	2
- nobody is my new favorite ive been listening to it all day you did your thang girl	1
goal! amazing freekick by kane #eng	2
goal! amazing freekick by kane #eng	4
cant sleep like this	1
so when can we start requesting for our radio stations to play "road less travelled" ?  im ready!	0
i really would	0
plus my hair broke the damn hair drier comb	1
thanks yazid!!	0
that is how you open up the award show #betawards #beyonce	0
my mama was really my best friend and my back bone man & to this day dont even seem real	1
i will  .  .  thanks	0
vish	0
it is fate that uk tickets go on sale on my birthday	0
my 6 year old cousin just called his 9 year old brother a bitch .  im going home man	1
ky be bluffin	0
and every time i think about it i kinda get a little tear eyed!	1
i really hate texting	2
i really hate texting	4
i have more than enough for the both of us	0
i know	0
i need someone to design a tattoo for me	0
thanks for the shout out!	0
im so happy i finally got my riding goggles	1
mmm anywhere but hampton i dont even go there	0
fasho	0
they love to see you do good ,  but never better than them	0
"jimin is born to be sexy ,  cute like a mochi" i died	0
to old for that	0
to old for that	1
nice one bing	0
rewatched your season of ultimate fighter again today .  still got too caught up shouting for the top makem	0
18 never looked sooo gooood	0
auntie plis iz a lie	1
fucking shit cunts ,  kane needs to fuck off fucking spurs twat	2
nobody understand how hard i be trying	0
igoudala just tried to punish kyrie . 	3
igoudala just tried to punish kyrie . 	5
call me a fucking asshole in a political argument when yesterday you were all on my snapchat selfies like i dont see you	0
call me a fucking asshole in a political argument when yesterday you were all on my snapchat selfies like i dont see you	2
call me a fucking asshole in a political argument when yesterday you were all on my snapchat selfies like i dont see you	4
they dont sleep long	0
got all these memories faded of you with me being faded with you	0
but the #crotchshot is not	1
fun and happy - day 1	0
im so sad ive never been to the docks downtown everyone always post pictures it looks so relaxing and beautiful	1
theres so much good music out there ,  its kind of overwhelming just thinking about all the dope songs i havent heard yet	1
that was me w/ kettle .  .  .  its so addicting	3
that was me w/ kettle .  .  .  its so addicting	5
you wont catch me saying this again ,  but i really like this cat	0
me too	1
you dont think i already know this ,  it makes me upset	2
i miss my dude like forreal	1
you know im gonna be flexin	0
hes stupid .  he obviously dont know that	0
what happen to your car  ?  but you said you hated that job anyways	0
i just be deleting numbers	0
i was watching lime crime velvetine swatches and this girl really sang along to if you by big bang	1
i have a head ache	1
if i could ,  i definitely would .  but for now ,  ill support the game from here . 	0
if i could ,  i definitely would .  but for now ,  ill support the game from here . 	0
thank you adrian	0
just saw your sweet mama! miss yall!	0
bc they dont like dogs . 	1
snapchat be geekin my head up	0
thankfully thats over #europegp	0
just wanna go home and lay down so not feeling it today	1
miss you too love	0
carrie	0
4th of july its going down:round_pushpin:21 savage live in concert opera nightclub 18+ #savagemode everyone free 17	2
4th of july its going down:round_pushpin:21 savage live in concert opera nightclub 18+ #savagemode everyone free 17	3
4th of july its going down:round_pushpin:21 savage live in concert opera nightclub 18+ #savagemode everyone free 17	5
 .  . history & art finals tomorrow	1
wow i cant believe people that dumb still exist .  .  . shes probably voting for trump too	1
i miss you	0
we didnt meet at vidcon	1
i want ice cream	1
i hate cockroaches	4
bout to eat some greens and cornbread & spaghetti	0
ofcourse	0
yall better stop pinning ya birthday money to talk shirts .  yall gon b mad when somebody snatches that shit & b out	0
i feel like im going to explode!! dying to talk to her but knowing i cant call	1
actually im in pa on her day but next week tho .  .  . it might go down!	0
actually im in pa on her day but next week tho .  .  . it might go down!	1
dont nobody care foo	0
you couldve prevented it by voting in ah well well just wait and see what happens now	0
nope	1
she looks very fly but i dont feel her heels . 	1
you can now officially sing any song in any given language your the best we have .  . !! proud	0
coming up next #porisl & watching cristiano ronaldos ego running around a football pitch #uefaeuro2016	0
lol nope so call	0
when you too ugly to participate in #blackgirlsbreaktheinternet	1
i want to get fine for no reason and hang out my best friend got kids so i cant last minute plan with them	1
thank you! you sure can when do you leave ?  ?  just come by and get it whenever!	0
shit idgaf tbh know im down to just chill or we can just blow again .  lmfao	1
thanks toto	0
bro why does everybody gotta be fucktards ?  ? 	4
lukes pjs are so much comfier than any of mine	0
ur art is a blessing to this world ,  hallelujah	0
if you fuck this up im fucking up your face	0
i want this day to be over so i can see my bf all weekend	1
feeling the blues rn	0
i never wanna leave hawaii	1
i wanna see everyones graduation cap	1
yall my personal therapist	0
another great workout! hopefully ,  now rest . 	2
another great workout! hopefully ,  now rest . 	1
movies was swole af for no reason	0
ching ching kicked me out the seat	0
late tweet but after 2 six packs we finally made it back to kingsville! getting backseat drunk is fun	0
hes a strange loon	0
wait i meant u havent	3
wait i meant u havent	5
i do no how to spend my life in dis big world . 	0
thanks funniest birthday message i got so for that i miss you to!	0
happy fathers day to all the special important fathers doing their job	0
"omg vanessa did that guy charge me too much ? ! no .  .  .  wait .  .  .  he didnt .  .  .  that was me . " - literally 24 hours ago	0
"omg vanessa did that guy charge me too much ? ! no .  .  .  wait .  .  .  he didnt .  .  .  that was me . " - literally 24 hours ago	5
the fact that tyler is getting upset that pants dont fit him because his butt is too big makes me laugh to much	0
hehehe milkshake isnthe bombzz	0
happy birthday mel  ,  eh faaaaa	0
i need to start working out i need some muscle in these bones	1
there ,  there ,  ill comfort you ,  spen	0
there was a spider the size of a half dollar on my foot and i didnt even realize it until it started moving	0
literally cried watching the news report with the mom crying about her son	1
not ready yet for the presentation	1
walked into my room today to ron playing the guitar he keeps at my house and that made my day	0
boo .  .  .  .  .  mine	0
boo .  .  .  .  .  mine	3
boo .  .  .  .  .  mine	5
bitch i know	0
reservations for the hubbys birthday brunch sunday cant wait to celebrate!	0
i am dragging to work ,  i really just wanna stay my ass in the house . 	1
insyaallah i will buy bangtan plushy toys for you	0
my best friend cute af	0
im watching hunter x hunter right now	0
yall dont want the old me	0
i wanna make a big saturday dinner	0
i hate yall	0
happy birthday ,  daryl!	0
im so sorry but ill never stop hating running scared	0
lol ,  my knees been looking like hers since birth .  .  .  .  .  . and ive grown to love them . 	0
i just hope sansa doesnt betray jon in the next season though #gameofthrones	3
i just hope sansa doesnt betray jon in the next season though #gameofthrones	5
my goal tonight it to get black out drunk just the kinda mood im in	2
my goal tonight it to get black out drunk just the kinda mood im in	5
trying so hard not to fall asleep	1
whats happening now then	0
after waking up to cook .  im left still tired sleepy ,  yet wide awake . 	1
before we became blockboys	0
shout out to for sending me this wonderful keyboard .  my lenovo life is becoming complete lol . 	0
#secretlifeofpets was absolutely brilliant .  funny from start to end ,  would definitely recommend seeing it . 	0
good eve	1
#sanjosesharks damn it .  .  .  .  next year itll be ours	1
happy weekends humans	0
thank you for keeping me calm and spoiling me ganina you the real mvp	0
thank you for keeping me calm and spoiling me ganina you the real mvp	0
have a nice day at work huhuhu	0
my chinese phones selfie cam edits my face to crap but leaves ben alone .  he thinks its cause its racist but i think its cause hes perfect	0
never !! its still early	1
i get my braces off in august	0
i see	0
finally competitive play to overwatch .  im tired of the 6 man torbjōrn	1
dawg where is the chill at we passed all that	1
got me some frozen margaritas for when i get off	0
ok but we dont get to see iwan anymore	1
thank you	0
im lowkey mad zlatan is going to manu	0
he jus sstatin facts	0
i feel so official now that i got my id for limestone	0
just saw our recruitment vids and pair of us killed it moir apparently wants our "script" mate were naturals!	0
same	1
i laugh at everything iont care my friends hate it	1
when my bday	0
im about to try the new double double fudge frap	0
#relateable xdd give this man a free skin ^^^ if you agree xddd	0
happy birthday to youu and may allah bless you two wish them when plzz ,  itd made their dayy	0
happy birthday mate .  now get your shins ready for that kicking panel . 	0
whoaaaa they added 1 more day for exordium total of 6 days	0
i wish i had older brothers . 	1
i miss you we havent talked in sooo long	0
im trying my little brother said he wanted to be up at 10 and i know thats not gonna happen so i set an alarm for me +	1
this is the worst time of the year for my dogs people are already lighting up their fireworks and my pups are scared smh	1
this is the worst time of the year for my dogs people are already lighting up their fireworks and my pups are scared smh	1
youre a miracle worker ! love ya babe	0
how get all these cute snap filters help me	1
i need that on dvd too	1
picking up myself piece by piece	1
oh angela ,  you never learn . 	2
oh angela ,  you never learn . 	4
damn i cant find noahs social media accounts smh	1
you always do this ,  as soon as i get over you ,  you come back .  but i guess i forgive you bae . 	0
you always do this ,  as soon as i get over you ,  you come back .  but i guess i forgive you bae . 	1
the fact that i jus wore that exact outfit tiller got on 2 weeks ago just upset me	1
i never check my voicemail but , i just did i found out i have voicemails from my little cuz telling me she loved me . im the worst cuz ever	1
lord imm boutaa tag my cousin in law	0
i swear i just made that	0
she so cute tah me	0
why the 1st one  ? 	3
why the 1st one  ? 	5
devasted	1
remember when kanye and jay-"z" were cool	0
too much ass not to know how to move it	0
is my new obsession	0
im not the one loosing 5-0 omar	0
macha relax! fasting month ,  cannot say bad words	0
11 ; 11 good health ofc	0
oh my gosh i love you so much laur thank you! youre the best!!!	0
brill game yesterday me and charlotte(your niece) were watching .  she got excited wen she seen you .  good luck next week  . 	0
found a girl who likes the i think shes a keeper	0
im just ready for college football season	2
all my niggas sleep like tf lol .  .  wake ya asses up	0
omg you favorited tweets!! i love you lmao	1
it seems she was in allentown when she tweeted this 3h ago on her sc . 	4
becauseeeee i bullshitted & the tickets sold out you shouldve took me with you	1
come get it	0
st . augustine of hippo	0
some random girls	0
chicken burger w cheese fries please	1
accident waiting to happen	0
soon	1
who started this 860 203 thing	0
major alert you the best	0
shhhhhhh ,  dont blow my cover!!	0
2 more years	0
thanks ,  alison . 	0
yeah just text me & let me know	0
i am trying so hard not to take a nap	1
she doesnt deserve it .  stay strong ,  selena	1
what i just found  .  .  .  . 	1
#isitok that i forgot to set the freaking record thingy  .  .  .  .  balls gonna miss it now	1
up early as shit i miss my son	1
you & jayona lame we was litty by ourselfs yall was parking lot stuntin	0
dude!	5
"whats a nougat ? " trending on google search right now . 	0
looks like my parents cant stop me from attending svt fm day 2 (its for my own good ok ill loose my sanity in uni i need to see svt twice)	0
very unlikely ,  they have enough to worry about at the minute	1
been sleep all day so i know im up all night	1
does that mean the millions who are sick with hate for him can turn him in ?  [they know who he is]	2
does that mean the millions who are sick with hate for him can turn him in ?  [they know who he is]	4
placed in your shoes ,  id follow hints & even show you whom it is .  but you wanna be spoon-fed .  learn!	0
only thing i like about working at anf is the triple as or i wouldve quit a long time ago	0
one of our cousins thought it was a l	1
good morning	0
that is so damn sad	1
bout to be on so much coffee tonight	0
por isso ya	0
meanwhile im single	0
why must mosquitos love me	2
lame af	0
dont leave your 80% for a 20% thinking its 100%  ,  in other words dont leave a good girl for a bomb bitch	0
congratulations you fucking tried it	0
miss u	1
lol miranda just said the realist thing #ezrasmancrush hahaha	0
thank god for life	0
hello ss! #aldubgoldenweeksary	0
!! but wait shark week starts tomorrow	0
my face watching this game of football already! #england	2
my face watching this game of football already! #england	4
i love pool days but i hate the sunscreen	1
i see .  everybody wanna be get on the wagon	0
holy shit youre gorgeous	0
boo! i wouldnt share either . 	0
happily single . 	0
ive been an option since the start	1
i was literally down for everything lol still am	0
coolest youngin around	0
always sabar dd mah	0
im praying to god that the camera doesnt get a glimpse of me	0
so the family went to see finding dory without me and didnt even bother to tell me #feelingthelove	1
1 more mf sit up here & send me they song or mixtape & im mad asf cause i want my hair did ima tell them that wack & end they career	2
metoo but vele i was there for cole all fans were all cool . 	0
metoo but vele i was there for cole all fans were all cool . 	0
back in this thing	2
im the person that eats all of their snacks during the previews . 	1
super affected by what you did .  hope my pain is your pleasure babe . 	0
i hate you omg	0
we should call it "xbox ohana"	0
im at neither	1
youre very welcome! it was a pleasure	0
tmrw	1
tmrw	5
is that voice enricos  ? 	5
i was really looking forward to a good night tonight	2
i was really looking forward to a good night tonight	4
arielle just be trying to protect me .  i never listen .  never	1
another youngster takes centre stage the baby great spotted woodpecker had the #177 spot bel oiseau	0
christina grimmie is dead bitch what ?  ?  ?  she was literal vocal queen this cant be happening	3
christina grimmie is dead bitch what ?  ?  ?  she was literal vocal queen this cant be happening	5
i told my partnaa bring tha pressure	2
some people get me going	4
this is so in me keeping a cool pokerface at work but boiling inside .  i need an official statement from the police . 	2
this is so in me keeping a cool pokerface at work but boiling inside .  i need an official statement from the police . 	5
it was missing you and #thechallengesurvivalguide	0
i need some real good loving	0
its one thing that i have to go back to school for regents but the fact that i have to put prep uniform back on makes me cringe	1
fuck fuck	2
fuck fuck	4
fuck fuck	1
thats because most of the dinosaurs that voted for brexit dont do internet . 	2
thats because most of the dinosaurs that voted for brexit dont do internet . 	4
i have a bad feeling about everything	1
andrew watching ghostbusters for 1st time .  good cheesy fun he keeps singing the theme song	0
andrew watching ghostbusters for 1st time .  good cheesy fun he keeps singing the theme song	2
andrew watching ghostbusters for 1st time .  good cheesy fun he keeps singing the theme song	5
oh im down	0
- goofy asf - annoying asf - fly - cool asshit - laugh at anything ! - be smokin dick	0
- goofy asf - annoying asf - fly - cool asshit - laugh at anything ! - be smokin dick	0
yess its me lyric go follow me yall	0
i dont feel good	1
totally spoil	0
rap battle against im expecting a vid	0
dude su seeing wills twitter worth is annoying	0
ima just listen to some advice i was told and say "today is gonna be a good day" .  cause it sure as hell is about to be	0
i legit think hes not getting them	0
my baby does whatever i ask of her	0
#nir winning the battle of the fans .  #wal fans barely audible #nirwal #gawa "are you england in disguise"	0
happy birthday	0
what you have to do is pass a message to another boy ,  you wont get pregnant by doing that	2
what you have to do is pass a message to another boy ,  you wont get pregnant by doing that	4
all my lesbians are coming to scranton today i cant wait	0
im not hurt thats why fuck em thanks for your concern though	0
im not hurt thats why fuck em thanks for your concern though	0
nothing nothing	0
hm ,  i should start tweeting in english .  at least when it comes to photography . 	0
corn and sugar good to me	0
dayumn	0
why you want act a certain way that you really not that shit lame lame	1
lol im just playin! i accidentally snap chatted you and you never replied	0
all of us actually	0
inshallah i will	0
already met my fav	0
low key kinda miss school	1
why yall laughing at that grandma	1
i ordered mine on saturday and i got my shipping info and itll be here thursday ,  yours should be here soon too girl!	1
shes home! cant believe she dared leave me alone for 24 hours . 	0
shes home! cant believe she dared leave me alone for 24 hours . 	1
i dont break hearts i break necks	0
im snatching his soul aint no way im air balling	0
thanks jas	0
removing toxic things in my life is so refreshing one step nearer to bettering myself	0
on facetime clowning	0
right where he even come from	1
my phones gonna die soon and i got to sit through this whole graduation	1
follow back ? 	0
and he doesnt know but hes willing to try & thats why i married this man . 	0
i am now officially a qualified level 4 sports therapist! i already cant wait to go and do my level 5 sports therapy qualification!	0
i dont talk to nobody heavy	0
woke up to news that christina grimmie is dead she was one of the most talented people on yt & was such a ball of light zeldaxlove64	1
woke up to news that christina grimmie is dead she was one of the most talented people on yt & was such a ball of light zeldaxlove64	1
na dude i dont mind at all ,  send me an invite	0
are you coming to la this weekend	0
very excited for the course in august with #ilovekickingass	0
very excited for the course in august with #ilovekickingass	0
#chile is the real deal they apply def pressure on the ball everywhere/nonstop prob in the semi w/o #vidal	0
work today and tomorrow then im outta here until the 27th	0
lmao u aint shit !	0
i love you too and dont worry i was snapchatting during mine	0
i love you too and dont worry i was snapchatting during mine	1
ima come over and see my mom	0
i took some strong s*** i took them hospital one and they helped	0
i hardly tweet anymore bc i get so sad at how much i flop now like last year i got 3m rts a month and now	3
i hardly tweet anymore bc i get so sad at how much i flop now like last year i got 3m rts a month and now	5
im okay with it but i want the pizza in the food court	0
drake and future	0
chndy literally nailed it the way he was dancing #سوار_شعيب	0
lebron looks like hes ready to go	3
lebron looks like hes ready to go	5
dont drink in dubai	0
i need to be in la	1
creep	0
the man is a waste	1
nah means no	0
low key wanna challenge you to a meme off .  high key not trying to get rekt cause you have dank memes	0
omg i miss my club team sm we had so many good & bad times together	1
"i would cunt punch her in the throat"	0
nothing is wrong with them his hand just looks funny cause the back of his hand is so huge compared to his fingers	0
gotta be up early in the morning	1
raining af	1
jack in the box tonight	0
it doesnt matter whats going on in the world some poor fucker still gets ruined in our group chat #lit	0
acha i know u well  .  .  .  ek bt batao  .  .  . 	0
exactly what im saying swore that she knew this man tho	0
g .  a very good night #spiritualmastermsg thanks for everything .  .  . 	0
tats w/ bestfriend soon	0
dont know whats come over me lately	0
miss you	1
im about to go up here and tell him that if i aint kill ,  rape ,  kidnap or sell something i shouldnt have to be here	2
im about to go up here and tell him that if i aint kill ,  rape ,  kidnap or sell something i shouldnt have to be here	4
im about to go up here and tell him that if i aint kill ,  rape ,  kidnap or sell something i shouldnt have to be here	1
i should be sleeping right now only because i have work at 1 am or else id take a nap and then get ready to go somewhere . 	1
check out new video with you makes me smile te amo mucho #asknashandhayes 159	0
check out new video with you makes me smile te amo mucho #asknashandhayes 159	0
my life is just as sad as rosies	0
i couldnt get em if i tried	1
"pillow" right	0
"pillow" right	0
dont even blame me	2
dont even blame me	4
still great	0
looking for on #karachistreets	0
never get mad get money	0
yeah yeah but okay	0
girl no you dont i be yelling at my nigga when he says some stupid shit like that	0
i low key dont want him to go to sleep	1
phone updated ! finally android marshmallow	0
when you find someone that goes to your rival school but you bond over hating the class at nvc	0
wait .  my cousin is in la	1
im putting my phone in silent becoz this idiot is spamming me	2
im putting my phone in silent becoz this idiot is spamming me	4
ricky is dwight	0
you too	0
im trying so hard to get in the intro to ceramics class	1
when my walked in drop yall gon b like damn dis nigga really got bars:face_with_tears_of_joy::smiling_face_with_horns::hundred_points::exclamation_mark:️ dont sleep on me ima only get	0
when my walked in drop yall gon b like damn dis nigga really got bars:face_with_tears_of_joy::smiling_face_with_horns::hundred_points::exclamation_mark:️ dont sleep on me ima only get	2
idk tbh	0
i hope some of you clowns wake up and do something with yall lives	0
i have so much fun with u ,  youre the best	0
is that me yeah ?  ily	1
you fully do like a bird at times you are haha	0
"youre always delay it" hadoii sape laaa buat subtitles tv3 ni	1
currently trying to get out of my shift early	3
currently trying to get out of my shift early	5
i knew he was gone dm me	1
aww shit dis aint dat we jus friends	0
aww shit dis aint dat we jus friends	0
cant .  . 	1
some girls are just sluts on snapchat	0
black dont crack	0
#por not playing great football & yet somehow find themselves in the semis beautiful #notcomplaining	0
i struggle with math every year and always end with a b s/o to god	0
"umbedhesho" or no church for me shem i wonder bazothini	0
yall pray for me .  nothing wrong with me ,  im just petty & i really enjoy getting revenge . 	1
seriously come to wisconsin and stay thursday/friday with me .  im off	2
you hydrated af	0
ill forever hold it in	0
#hermes need to have a strong word with their drivers! chucking parcels over my garden gate into a puddle isnt acceptable! #annoyed	2
awww shit my palms itching	2
i love you	0
when you start to second guess your pettiness	0
i was wondering k itni jaldi do accounts kesay use kar rahay ap	0
oh what i would do for a big ice cold glass of water	1
i wanna have new henna!	0
hes so baby boy	0
that one person you can talk to no matter what	0
that video really made me laugh	0
i cant function if i dont set up my days	2
i cant function if i dont set up my days	4
i feel naked without my long nails	1
i feel naked without my long nails	4
down	0
im sorry im a meme just ignore me	0
happy birthday po! more blessings to come & godbless always	0
mfs really wasting my time like literally	2
mfs really wasting my time like literally	4
mfs really wasting my time like literally	1
im at the age where no one wants to have fun and go do stuff ,  everyone is just looking for their next f*ck buddy	2
im at the age where no one wants to have fun and go do stuff ,  everyone is just looking for their next f*ck buddy	4
honestly omg	2
honestly omg	4
my boyfriend is such a blessing	1
sorry idc	0
its called true murder and youll love it	0
your really odd! but yeah you seem funny but heres something odd about you	0
if you get the aux chord and play radio singles .  .  .  .  . 	2
whats your favorite song and who is it by ?  p . s i love you . 	0
well this is annoying #frairl #euro2016	2
well this is annoying #frairl #euro2016	4
look at them fuck niggas over there  ,  over there over there over there	0
you do what you want when you single	0
cant wait to see it	0
when your girl downloads league for u	1
when your girl downloads league for u	4
so excited for 2 weeks in the sun with	0
i be instigating shit	0
as if i have a bruise in the pattern of a football on my shin from fridays charity tournament at bas	0
omg! thank you for that i love you	1
thanks! think i wanted to draw something round that wasnt a football (going to see too much of those these next few wks	0
thanks! think i wanted to draw something round that wasnt a football (going to see too much of those these next few wks	0
awwwwww! its so cute!	0
yes .  thank you queen #jonaxxslkab10	1
wjw that songs	0
you know what ! bye	0
i didnt even realize this was a real question	3
i didnt even realize this was a real question	5
i really hate how sensitive of a person i am	1
too much to remember everything about you ib	1
follow = follow back rts 15 say done #الشارع_مزدحم_بالفولو_باك	0
oh ok ,  exactly! thank you tariq	0
i wanna speak the costume director immediately!	2
i wanna speak the costume director immediately!	4
shut up	2
shut up	4
literally spent 5 mins teaching me how to pronounce scarborough	3
literally spent 5 mins teaching me how to pronounce scarborough	5
i cant breathe	3
i really don’t need friends	0
i had it but it dont work no more	1
pre gaming rn tho	0
thank u for following/connecting	0
haha yall had me thinking his wife was mad	0
tried being cool and jumping against the side trampoline to get in the pit and ended up hitting the metal part and injuring myself	0
lmao okay then	0
told her ! karma a bitch	1
im so tired ,  let me get ready for work	1
high school aint nothing .  to all yall middle school kids moving on ,  its not as great as you think dont fall for the h…	1
sooooo .  .  .  are we gonna waste our friday night	0
im ready to leave	1
happy birthday yots .  hahaha	0
i want kylie lipstick	1
lil nigga dont ever crop me out	0
yo i really cant sing i can dance my ass off thou	0
yo i really cant sing i can dance my ass off thou	0
as an economist this vote leave campaign is making me lose hope in democracy giving fools a voice where is mugabe when you need	1
as an economist this vote leave campaign is making me lose hope in democracy giving fools a voice where is mugabe when you need	1
i have two bio classes my first semester of college .  .  .  lol #thelifeofabiologymajor	0
june was really nothing but sleep deprivation for me because of those classes .  now i have to do it all over again next month	1
last year i forgot emmas bday im a horrible sister	0
cant wait to go back to school and dorm wit my loves room bout to be litt wit all four of us . 	0
cant wait to go back to school and dorm wit my loves room bout to be litt wit all four of us . 	0
and you . 	0
my poor dad has work today	1
hate when i sweat after i lotion my legs because it makes them feel extra sweaty	1
then its swelling	1
i miss kitty so much	1
its only 3 and im already on my 3rd cup	1
i miss the kiddos someone get me some babysitting jobs lol	1
wusgood trackstar but you really cute ,  funny ,  cool people and we gone turn up at a&t	0
wusgood trackstar but you really cute ,  funny ,  cool people and we gone turn up at a&t	0
hey handsome friend	0
sims 3	0
am i inlove with you or am i inlove with the feeling .  . 	3
am i inlove with you or am i inlove with the feeling .  . 	5
when you come back from dinner hungry and think maybe you do have a tapeworm as friends have accused for years	1
rose is so gorgeous ,  her black hair stands out a lot she might be my favourite in blackpink	0
dont be stupid and buy an iphone 6s now .  . 	1
dont waste your breath telling people your business cause truthfully they dont give a fuck . 	2
dont waste your breath telling people your business cause truthfully they dont give a fuck . 	4
dumbest thing ive ever read grace!! at least ppl like that are a minority haters gonna hate	0
welcome to my world and i understand	0
up til 2 watching sportscenter on repeat .  this work from home day is clutch	0
omg ive been bored all day and its never gonna end	1
i like to think the same thing . 	0
ay if youre really attractive ill give you at least another week of entertainment	0
fuck its going to be a long match now lol #irevfra #coybig	0
diante swears hes someones dad .  . 	0
good morning ppl	0
he defo is!!!	0
my boston terriers name is ducati and one is named bugatti	0
seeing peoples snapchats of them in zante is making me so jealous	1
plz dont	1
lmfao	0
you can be married with 3 kids and black parents still will say "oh ,  where your lil friend at ? "	0
not even going anymore	1
rules are rules haha thank you for playing sml	0
theres not a grad ball dress in the world that i like	1
when you home alone for the weekend	0
phone broke again	2
everybody saying they cant be exposed bx you can  ,  dont try to seem innocent  ,  we alll know	0
so you cant reply to anything ,  and instead play a little game of your own to avoid it like a spoiled brat typical . 	0
i wish i was taller	1
tae is too cute from talking about why teaser to singing party + sad ver .  . then ask ppl to suggest song etc #taechat	0
loll nahh this is funny	0
after struggling through trig i still got my advanced diploma	0
finally at a restaurant by the water & i dont even wanna eat	1
lol probably dont want to say cause what if it wasnt then ill ruin it more	0
brand new is playing at the red rock amphitheater in 2 weeks and i dont have any friends here to go with me .  worth it to go alone though	1
i dont wanna drive to philly	1
jen yiu beaut dont leave us in snap land ,  no one needs to see my attempt at makeup without your tutorials #slay	0
why isnt the song for ghostbusters available in america	1
everyone and they daddys eating tacos today	0
you deserve to laugh you deserve to smile you deserve the best of everything you deserve better	0
you deserve to laugh you deserve to smile you deserve the best of everything you deserve better	0
you deserve to laugh you deserve to smile you deserve the best of everything you deserve better	1
shoe me ya own . 	0
bamon are profound best friends . 	0
i need a sleep .  goodnight x . 	5
can harry kane stop taking set pieces now please	4
fuck people in general .  but fuck people in general	0
texas heat	3
texas heat	5
so content with life right now	0
i finished futurama	1
single asf	0
if ya girl getting it  ,  you must support her	0
this shit took me like 30 minutes to understand	0
my man is gone	1
ive never felt so alone in my pursuits until lately . 	1
she likes me more	0
kull road trip now paris left me im in the front now but it was better in the back	0
kull road trip now paris left me im in the front now but it was better in the back	1
i love you brotha! stay safe most definitely stay in touch!!	0
hope dont nobody use them against me	0
how about these girls walk 20 feet away from us instead of 1 feet & kicking sand in our face	2
how about these girls walk 20 feet away from us instead of 1 feet & kicking sand in our face	4
#unrealtv this is going to be fun!! bring on #everblasting	5
baby ,  miss you na . 	0
nah and i work 9-11 tmrw	4
swear we waited for that dumb fish to get missin for a while now if the conjuring wasnt out i would go see it	0
ayyyy i can already smell the food que me vas a comprar	0
i think we all wonder why im ugly but no one has come up with an answer yet	0
#buenjueves no se-* me lastime	1
yeah same omg hongki	0
high key want a gay male bestfriend they so hard to find but they so fabulous	0
high key want a gay male bestfriend they so hard to find but they so fabulous	1
thanks! ill keep you in mind	0
u r looking so cute love u till the end #princeam #armaanamaalontkss #thekapilsharmashow	0
a recession ,  a loss of pension money ,  and a dissolusion of the united kingdom as scotland leaves .  yay! ( ? )	3
a recession ,  a loss of pension money ,  and a dissolusion of the united kingdom as scotland leaves .  yay! ( ? )	5
thanks! #brovsbro	0
ahhh .  .  .  what a game last night ,  why cant people tip they hats ,  said it was bc of the refs ,  kyrie was cooking curry .  .  . 	1
snacks & redbox movies w my girls	0
that’s strange! can you send us you order number by dm ?  we’ll find a solution	0
hi my love how are you ?  i love you soo much , can you please follow me ?  i hope to meet and hug you soon! x222	0
my birthday is in an hour & 20 minutes	0
exactly my ass is waiting on her to find	0
exactly my ass is waiting on her to find	2
exactly my ass is waiting on her to find	4
*hugs yari* hey yari ,  i miss you .  hey noelle ,  i miss you . 	0
okay so #update on my #pc situation ,  finally got my #hard #drive unlocked and files transferred of it .  going to get a new one tomorrow	2
okay so #update on my #pc situation ,  finally got my #hard #drive unlocked and files transferred of it .  going to get a new one tomorrow	5
every time i take my fm transmitter with me somewhere everyone else wants to slap and barely lets me	0
got a lot on my mind tbh	1
it is! come visit asap	0
also tagging	0
also here he you should make the first move tho	0
miss hanging out with my brother ,  but dont miss his attitude	0
wasted the majority of my gas sitting in traffic	2
aweeeeee i just noticed bae trynna be like me with the twitter name	0
u too	0
i would just like to remind any beautiful woman out there that once a cheater always a cheater	0
breaking out:exclamation_mark:️love:red_heart:️ it	0
junior year was good to me .  i was fortunate enough to meet so many great people this year .  cant wait for next year #senio…	0
your so pretty omg	0
eatwell sikkie	0
i find it mad annoying when my friends try to set me up with someone with kids i look at them hurt like you dont know me at all	1
ha ha youre so funny xd .  shell make it that far! we should go there soon theyre to die for	0
alize  ? 	0
did you get it ?  ?  no worries dear . 	0
i want sum watermelon	0
pamela i love youu	0
same	0
im way too excited for next weekend	0
youre welcome	0
dont be ret weeting my tweets	0
i promise that review codes wont sway my opinions .  im still going to be as critical about what i like/dont like as ive always been . 	0
pursuit of happiness and john q are movies that will always make a real nigga tear up	1
bae stays feeding me when i get my little cravings	1
these memes	1
lovely to catch up with you	0
the dough has to rise for an hour	1
still no reply from to an email sent over a week ago regarding compensation for an oversold flight .  unacceptable	2
tim funny	0
always putting my business on blast	2
really bouta just say fuck it	0
my graduation is tomorrow .  .  .  i should probably turn in that assignment ive had sitting in my binder for the past two months	0
happy birthday	0
im talking bout the pic bro	0
i dont even post nasty stuff at all anymore .  all i talk about is music ,  sailor moon and my job!	1
no its not .  your life is great! smile!!	0
i dont have time to go to the clinic ask them for the contact details please	1
wish i was going to school for a job that wouldnt care if i had a half sleeve	0
did he really do that to her in the grocery store i like when she grabbed the chips	0
strawberry days with the babe	0
medj ready na me for tom	0
sooo ur dream is a vegemite with your name on it ?  okay ashton .  i got it	0
woo hooooooo	0
the depression/heartbreak for the seniors leaving is starting to set in	1
i hate falling off track	1
i seriously have road rage	0
too hot until i cant do my work	1
stupid sexy . 	2
all these ranked college teams are getting knocked out	1
i can take a dub in 2k16 lmao ,  a video game is not the real deal	0
soma ou some	0
is beyond handsome	0
exactly ima be here for you when you go down bc thats what a real nigga do ill put "here lies texan" on the stone	0
jump in my dms hun . 	0
just woke up from a coma	1
baaack #الليديز_وفولورز_للفجر	0
lord give me strength ,  cause this is taking a toll on my body	1
ibra signed with united	2
the 4th needa hurry up  .  .  im ready to eat	1
its going to be a really long day today	0
hoe you sorryyyy #nexttttttttt	0
haha awwww ,  i love american accents!	0
i ammmmm beyond bored	1
heartburn and cramping .  im going to die	1
havent been on here in a while	2
havent been on here in a while	4
has been gone for about half a day and i already miss her wish i was in cali with her	1
can 4:30 just get here already	1
i saw you lookin . 	0
twatwaz cannot even spell his name on his own twitter page	0
i just want food 24/7	0
how are you doing this fine wednesday	0
the ride that made me laugh on for like 5 minutes gave me neck problems	0
whos watching the game with me ill buy the drinks and food	0
yessss ,  the shallows today	0
youre so beyond fake	0
oh yea and she was taller you should have befriended her	0
you like grabbing dicks you faggot	0
bru i juss realized i aint got a haircut in 2 years	1
just hoping its not on 13th august coz im working	1
dont start again	0
hope so lucy ?  ? 	0
steve kerr always looks disappointed	0
over 300 tweets later and one m&g to please follow me i love you 336	2
over 300 tweets later and one m&g to please follow me i love you 336	0
mamake sadis ah	1
mamake sadis ah	4
take a bow gautham sir	0
movie marathon again later excited na me	0
arbys	0
how are all these wocs so pretty then theres me #asiangirlsbreaktheinternet #blackgirlsbreaktheinternet #latinagirlsbreaktheinternet	1
post pics please	3
post pics please	5
im about to watch the #theconjuring2!	0
get well now ate	0
lil cousin	0
nick is really heartbroken he fell down at the end of that video	0
was goin to atlanta for a store grand opeing but	1
hamilton	0
this is really me	0
i really wanna go on a date	1
august 16th is gonna be here so fast	1
understandable the my world 2 . 0 was fire though lmao	0
your relationship is goals and humor	0
i just wanna go to the gym honestly	1
basically yeah	0
game of thrones tn	0
ok duck	2
ok duck	4
i miss watching you guys	1
- .  i feel like im the only one stayed in the house tonight	1
can you do handstand push ups yet ? 	0
downloaded the ios10 beta version just now .  looks like a android loving the admiral has his android on my 6 . 	0
downloaded the ios10 beta version just now .  looks like a android loving the admiral has his android on my 6 . 	0
i cant sleep . 	1
i want to go to s class today!!	1
still miss his fineeeee ass damn he so fine its annoying	2
still miss his fineeeee ass damn he so fine its annoying	4
not as much as i used to ,  but yeah	0
i ended up ordering a california burrito and crispy tacos only took me 2 hours to decide .  and gotta wait another hour to eat	0
already!!	0
well at least youre not alone im right there with you	1
well at least youre not alone im right there with you	4
happy #fixturereleaseday hoping for a nice easy game like sunderland at home to ease us back in .  .  .  #utb	0
i swea you dont look 15 ! but you very pretty look cool ! & mean onna slick	0
i swea you dont look 15 ! but you very pretty look cool ! & mean onna slick	0
what corny ass rapper said that i hope it wasnt kodak	0
first day of work tomorrow	0
thank you tay  ,  you know i will  .  this rain wont stop me	0
when hes the reason you smile	0
so f jealous	2
so f jealous	4
someone give me a back massage	1
yay congrats	0
wait mom i miss you so much ur bb son is lost w/out u	1
being black is lit asf tbh	0
lmao i get it	0
nice avi	0
i love seeing this but svu scarred me with you ,  brad still a fan though	1
the wand creates real magic .  . literally give real volume	0
the funniest 3v3 ever	0
have to get ready for work but greys anatomy is getting so good right now that i dont want to stop watching	1
seriously tryna go to thailand or cambodia	2
seriously tryna go to thailand or cambodia	4
never know when id need one	0
been irritated all day like	4
#nationalexday i would wish you the best ,  but you already had it	0
today ion give at how you feel	0
no i dont	1
ill be going to edc alone but hopefully ill meet some of the #plurfamily over there	0
ill be going to edc alone but hopefully ill meet some of the #plurfamily over there	2
ill be going to edc alone but hopefully ill meet some of the #plurfamily over there	5
oh you know me .  plus b&m is next door	0
david	1
my dad doubts me on getting back in shape lol watch . 	0
#honesthour its honesty hour and yall still lying	0
ill think about it jahmil	0
thats what she said	0
yay classmate	0
i be mostly tweeting song lyrics i dont really be mad	1
thank you!	0
not margery!!!!!	5
i know im screwed when im thinking just passing this module is good enough	1
good charlotte #youthauthority album so far is amazing	0
these frames i just copped though!	0
// everytime i see your name i think of panda express but girl your poppin hmu!	0
// everytime i see your name i think of panda express but girl your poppin hmu!	0
// everytime i see your name i think of panda express but girl your poppin hmu!	0
can tomorrow just hurry up so i can see ronaldo score a hat-trick	1
you always will be my idol my king my hero my sunshine my agel and my reason to smile ! no matter what will happen 51	0
you always will be my idol my king my hero my sunshine my agel and my reason to smile ! no matter what will happen 51	0
well the rest of my day will consist of greys anatomy videos	1
i miss 5sos ,  i want them to come back to madrid	1
its so difficult for me to get his notice	1
anyare ? 	1
happy birthday	0
thanks baby & imy2	0
when im high i swear be on snapchat tryna remember where i last had my phone	1
i really dont understand this waking up early tin its summer and i still cant sleep for long	1
bb! our day is finally here wish you the best!	0
why am i in a panic mode	1
was it fun watching me while my heart was breaking piece by piece ? 	1
wade and gabriel are my fav	0
up like 7	0
big mad	1
mampho thou #rhythmcity	3
yo word ,  her hood rat levels is up there but then again idk	0
looking in the mirror:smirking_face:and realize my cake is growing	0
cant wait to watch the new video .  hope the next one features mario selman	0
i have certain friends who im never really with but love them i dont think they know it though	0
i have certain friends who im never really with but love them i dont think they know it though	0
i need a phone call	1
i forgot	1
i love black boys who can dance	0
thats too bad	1
omg really ?  ?  ?  i love and miss you guys so much	1
keep the selfies coming love them xx	0
officially registered for classes at pnc	0
wish i initiated more conversation with the boy on our snorkeling trip today	0
twitter has turned into the house of commons for fuck sake	0
so great meeting you today! thanks for saying hi!! we hope you had a good pride!	0
dried snapchat	5
#ff follow him ,  an amazing person with some serious shit in his tweets	0
i can tell you what happens	0
agreed ,  the unknown beckons	1
where did the schmiegals go ? 	1
ima keep my on a ho	0
ima keep my on a ho	0
lol the fact that "i push everyone away"	0
for the right one i would stop my ways	0
fiesta today then feast day bukas ni st .  anthony	0
good morning boo #class of 2k16 and i love your cover 2 lol .  but you cute asf and seem like that nigg…	0
good morning boo #class of 2k16 and i love your cover 2 lol .  but you cute asf and seem like that nigg…	0
im just trying to have fun man	0
asdfghjkl ill mark this day .  huahua 06/14/16 9:14	0
asdfghjkl ill mark this day .  huahua 06/14/16 9:14	0
i just dont like her today thats all but my point could get proved	0
i feel sick	0
when you miss your bro	1
she looks like berry	1
hi! thanks so much! were officially open on monday ,  this weekend is all about perfecting our floor	0
nice nice	0
move in silence	0
dont sneak diss me over a nigga who chose to fwm ,  make him stop or stfu!	0
they threw away sams bed a long time ago he now has my old bed	0
my arms hurt	4
my crush graduates tomorrow	1
crouch end is ridiculous! i booked an appointment travel frm leyton .  only 2 b told im nt booked in	2
fucked up you did!!!	0
follow that guy tho he posts things like that constantly .  hes the only one i have twitter notifs on for	0
sat here like over and	1
no u are	0
trying to plan a vacation with the family is truly a struggle .  thats why i leave this to ayesha	0
the ending of season 4 making me impatient	1
pink the hardest color to choose for your nails cause its so many colors	1
mi baby	1
did you have to make me sad ? 	1
talk to me talk to me talk to me fu glasto flu jokes .  you gots 10days to recover biatch!	0
i want smth else of his to belong to me	0
wth shepherds	1
long msgs	0
sounds good ,  haha i was like what is going on . 	0
thanks emma	0
why the hell did i start a degree	2
why the hell did i start a degree	4
rapsa	0
i want a tripleta	1
i will cut you off quick than i met you	0
the fact that i am in matching stripped pjs .  .  im officially a mom	0
i can smile by just looking at you	0
how does it taste  ? 	0
new tactic alert lol  .  .  .  im really about to just start saying whatever and then throw out "dont quote me on that" as my disclaimer!	0
but u wouldnt understand	1
i try hard to fight it .  .  no way can i deny it . 	1
your mommas so i miss her	0
your mommas so i miss her	0
i hate you i love you i hate that i love you	1
i cant find my suitcase & thats blowing tf out me .  im boutta stay home	2
i cant find my suitcase & thats blowing tf out me .  im boutta stay home	4
bc im going to school na	0
we need someone savage to do it	0
lmao im really dying at elizabeth	0
so hungry	0
i hella forgot about ms v class	0
perfect soccer weather	0
happy birthday youngin	0
i wanna stay home and look like a bum .  i cant even wear heels	1
ive got what ya need ,  but ill let ya figure that out	0
what did i do to you ffs	0
if uzi & brittany broke up .  .  .  .  i have no hope for relationships	1
i zip lined today	0
i will ,  thanks	0
im just gone play how other mfs play	0
was on the phone with piggy the whole time i was ina shower	0
missing u so much rn	1
yes gotta cover up wish you took me with you	0
yes gotta cover up wish you took me with you	1
lmao eventually	1
ive made a terrible mistake . 	0
when you realized eddy just steal your heart again from prince mak .  .  .  sigh .  .  .  dont do that eddy!	2
when you realized eddy just steal your heart again from prince mak .  .  .  sigh .  .  .  dont do that eddy!	4
cookies n cream .  chocolate mint . 	1
why not tweet on your page ,  its on my phone	0
finding dory is in 5 days	0
sooo i heard you cant bring big bags onto the floor at the concert  .  is it true  ? 	1
so sick of eating out	4
my bad i dont wear gucci belts and polo hats	1
nesa mok hehe thank you  ,  you too girl	0
not funny	1
i need to post my glo up some day .  i used to be so funny looking	1
ow im so outdated ugh	1
asking myself the same	1
papa johns group chat is lit rn	0
thunderstorm .  . 	1
i just want to apply for these jobs but  .  .  .  .  the internet does not want me to for some odd reason	2
somebody come take me to ne	0
• extremely hilarious • super contagious laugh • choir • theatre • great america & the centrifug…	0
its about u and youre team so at them guuuuurl	0
tacos on melly	0
oh tomorrows gonna be fun	0
well its cheap .  .  .  .  . 	0
your too kind dave!! btw where has your beard and beer belly gone ? 	0
how cute are the wee old people who say hello when u walk past them	1
let me toss a lil country in ya city & vice versa	0
i want to go on a safari but is afraid of the #hippos	0
had to give my kitten away today	1
i dreamt about k pop and make-up	3
i dreamt about k pop and make-up	5
she lowkey like me bro .  .  .  i know it you dont just give a nigga lotion like that	0
she lowkey like me bro .  .  .  i know it you dont just give a nigga lotion like that	2
she lowkey like me bro .  .  .  i know it you dont just give a nigga lotion like that	4
me when you tell me no	0
decided im not gonna deal with the ignorance of people	0
a beautiful young lady #ripchristina	1
i just randomly snapchat people all the time #sorrynotsorry	2
i just randomly snapchat people all the time #sorrynotsorry	5
finally they compete	2
i do have faith in you! im just being realistic	0
cannot wait for my mum to come home off her holiday ,  missed her like crazyyyyy	0
guys ,  we signed pjanic .  its for reals this time . 	0
pda really grosses me tf out	4
keep your eyes peeled over the next few days ,  as we have something exciting to share about this years event! #sitc2…	0
looks like theyre a group of good individuals rather than a team	2
looks like theyre a group of good individuals rather than a team	4
just wanted to see if the blue lion was automatic	0
she doing her so let me go do me	0
out here	2
she tap out when im tappin that	0
buccs tonight .  just no more patron	2
buccs tonight .  just no more patron	4
happy birthday babygirl!	0
all in all the film was just jumpy not scary or horrific the thing is scarier than these new school horrors	1
happy fathers day to my crush .  lord knows hes my daddy	0
why would you watermark your pictures ? 	1
wahhhh kamching wit hisyam already ah	0
but anyway ,  im going pamper myself tmmrw ,  its needed	0
i want some ice cream	0
we have a great opportunity coming up and would love to chat to you about it on dm	0
i love you my guy	0
you lying	0
was nice chatting to you lol its too quite on the coach now lol but deffo stay in touch	0
was nice chatting to you lol its too quite on the coach now lol but deffo stay in touch	0
hate seeing people sad man	1
im so sure	2
im so sure	4
i freaking love this soooo much is my favorite and with added makes it amazing	0
i freaking love this soooo much is my favorite and with added makes it amazing	0
lmao when she was being mean to zoe and he said he was gone knock her out	0
keep coming on the comments bitches!!!	0
i havent left my bed since 11pm last night i think were twins how about a follow	0
i havent left my bed since 11pm last night i think were twins how about a follow	0
i tend to say "huh" for decoration in a conversation even though i heard what you said	0
you have cooked for me	0
things one must do to support his team	0
dont tell selin i said this but he annoys me sometimes also hes got enough ppl who bias him and seokjin always needs more love	2
dont tell selin i said this but he annoys me sometimes also hes got enough ppl who bias him and seokjin always needs more love	5
lol im hip .  it was good tho	0
congrats on graduating .  .  .  . you pretty & always dressed	0
// youve been my lifeline to surviving today miss how close we used to be ,  but ur absolutely gorgeous hopefully…	0
// youve been my lifeline to surviving today miss how close we used to be ,  but ur absolutely gorgeous hopefully…	0
// youve been my lifeline to surviving today miss how close we used to be ,  but ur absolutely gorgeous hopefully…	0
be sure to show him what la is all about . 	0
please release orphan .  im getting sick of jamming the live video	0
omfg well yeah!!! but please do	0
finally got my issue	0
everyone who is hating me today ,  when i will realise my dream they will tell me that they supported me since the start	2
everyone who is hating me today ,  when i will realise my dream they will tell me that they supported me since the start	4
yall saying go watch the conjuring 2 but i didnt even get half way of the conjuring 1 cause it was boring to me yall mfs scary	0
yall saying go watch the conjuring 2 but i didnt even get half way of the conjuring 1 cause it was boring to me yall mfs scary	2
yall saying go watch the conjuring 2 but i didnt even get half way of the conjuring 1 cause it was boring to me yall mfs scary	4
minnie just peeped on my favorite purse	2
minnie just peeped on my favorite purse	4
and mfs really sticking up for him right now	2
and mfs really sticking up for him right now	4
im struggling without wifi rn	1
whataburger sounds good afff rn	0
poor pelin she cried a lot in delibal too the thing is they should get a better makeup artist makeup affects	1
your name might be on the coke bottle but mine is in the quran	0
you know i dont fuck them rumors rockin red bottoms like they pumas	0
thanks! id be happy with a 7 at this point	0
i dont even try though	0
fuuck i can start watching fma brotherhood im cryiiiing aaah	1
u would but i dont have an iphone	0
i never knew a chop cheese was a new york thing until non new yorkers were confused .  & with that being said ,  now i want one	1
my roommate is officially harassing me . 	1
packing sucks	1
as well join you	0
girl code	0
what is with all this love love these ones are doing on someones tl ? 	2
what is with all this love love these ones are doing on someones tl ? 	4
awww ,  this is the sweetest compliment weve ever received .  thank you so much for making our day!	0
lol come home already!!	0
i feel like my head is seriously about to explode	1
i dont think im mentally prepared to watch me before you	1
yes omg! like holy shit you look so similar legit dont know how ive not noticed it before	0
i look so dead	1
wow pretty much	2
wow pretty much	4
when you already rolled up but your lighter is in the crib	2
when you already rolled up but your lighter is in the crib	4
its looking great jenny ,  would love to see it in game once its done!	0
bruh he not even better than i . t ,  kyle lowry ,  kemba walker ,  or eric bledsoe	0
"you are as young as the last time you changed your mind"	0
happy birthday mr golden oldie!!	0
40pts 16rbs	5
gotta change my avi to a pic of lebron for a week	1
her food looks so bomb	1
jack hera	0
please bring me back to the time when i couldnt count my problems . 	1
thats why im omw rn	0
ignore the damn hate just keep doing what you are doing seriously appreciate it	0
the resemblance is uncanny	0
dude ,  i forgot . 	0
just encountered a homeless vet who had id to prove it ,  begging for money .  2 tours in iraq ,  and all i had was $2 cash .  a dollar a tour . 	1
tonight is not anyones night	0
have wonderful day bro	0
give it a year or two & ill be there were still &	0
unable to watch the #euro2016 matches tonight because unisza wifi is not working . 	1
then he seen my father & sent me pic on some creep shit	1
forgot to tag the ones responsible	0
is this even real am i actually meeting /@swstheband	1
lmao i dont got one picture with my father he always says im hella ugly and adopted	0
i miss my contacts tired of these glasses	1
i cut my hair	2
i cut my hair	5
i seriously cant wait until tomorrow	1
get ready for more this fall	0
#nationalexday still fuck with them all	0
thats my shit	0
you like that huh coach	0
shes out of hand	0
seriously theyre my fav & the fact that theyre both gorgeous is just	0
just trynna look out for you	1
keep your face to the sun and u will never see the shadows	0
when he ripped open the cage door and tombstoned the undertaker to give hbk the win #epic	5
bro yall invite all late	1
im irked!	2
im irked!	4
aint seen you in a min but you cool & can dress	0
she was right	2
for a very .  .  . very .  .  . very brief time it wud seem	1
screenshot chaser	0
#jointhehorsemen sure team	0
happy birthday ate pearly .  god bless!	0
hes not home so jim & i are looking them up .  theyre cute .  well ofc ,  theyre at the cute girls table	0
cutie	0
i just wanna cry cause i cant treat people the way they treat me	1
youre following me already	0
a league of their own	0
just realised that my baju raya is in blue .  .  .  like all the previous years	1
i cannot kill this headache	4
hooked	0
fucking killing me	1
fb deactivated	2
fb deactivated	5
glue has a thing for #theshaneshow #skateparkandchill ?  ? 	0
your snapchats and texts always brighten my day	0
this are incredible oh good i want all wau wau wau	5
you must be drunk lil fella .  .  .  lost your mind lil fella	1
i say we take the time to wait and see .  us tour should be our basis they did reflection tour with screens remember ? 	0
another sleepless night ,  dont remember how many days its been since i got more the a hour of sleep	1
wish or were open right now	1
as if fellaini actually threw an elbow at darmian #mufc #bel #ita #euro2016	0
address #arjunsbirthdayweek	0
we go waaaay back man i miss you and allat	0
we go waaaay back man i miss you and allat	1
 .  .  .  intellectually 20/20  .  .  .  hmmmmm ,  even added together ,  thats quite an iq of 40 bye	0
good god! youre gorgeous mashallah	0
damn  ,  mexico is out	1
side hoes never win sweetie dont play yourself ,  thats when you get mad	0
hate deep cleaning my room	1
or how weird it is to not be getting one	3
or how weird it is to not be getting one	5
just sayin that phrase is in my repertoire . 	0
well this fucking sucks	1
sucka ass a  .  .  .  superman	0
thats the fastest haircut ever .  .  . 	0
im a lake baby forsure but i think im over the partying and should go to pinecrest instead	0
dirty bastard	4
finally off ,  sheesh	1
if one of the team will not debut i will cry tbh i love them both	1
its gone stay this way for a loonngg time	0
draymond getting suspended straight bullshit . 	2
draymond getting suspended straight bullshit . 	4
we should go to taste of chicago july 8 -10	0
glizzy opening up for beyonce my man really made it like let that sink in	3
glizzy opening up for beyonce my man really made it like let that sink in	5
thank youuu xxx	1
happy birthday !! hope its a good one!	0
well ,  the get one run but the still lead 7-1 heading to t7!	0
let me see first!!!	0
i dont think it ever will	0
couple that planned to marry ,  will now be having a joint funeral .  #orlando imagine if there was no such thing as bad people . 	3
couple that planned to marry ,  will now be having a joint funeral .  #orlando imagine if there was no such thing as bad people . 	5
tryna get like you guys	1
fuck you mornings	4
with the cavs knowing what it truly feels/tastes like to win ,  theyve unlocked something entirely new as a team .  scary good thoughts	0
oh my gosh!	0
there was a terrific article in the guardian a couple of weeks about icelandic football .  .  . go find	0
when did my hips get so big ? 	1
wait ?  what ?  who ? 	0
lets watch that soon its been too long . 	0
its fun when people hit me up about the brand .  dont ask for free merch tho .  we already have a list for that	1
lol cause of the weekend	0
thats hurtful you know	1
probably the only person that hasnt been to disney	2
probably the only person that hasnt been to disney	4
im a wild lesbian ,  what can i say!	0
emotionally not ready for the day abby leaves to dallas for the rest of the summer	1
bro im starting to think i really got bad luck now its probably all them bad luck for 7 years tweets i aint retweet	1
you was looking for him and he was with her like stop letting him handle the rotation his way	0
you was looking for him and he was with her like stop letting him handle the rotation his way	0
just watch the game  .  and lets see who lose	0
ill smile like a bitch at the idiots im gonna encounter today .  pasukan na!	0
over 10 healthy pounds lost since ive been vegan (purely diet ,  little to no working out) i look and feel great	0
ooooouuuuu lemme call either lex or dri to tellem this tea	0
notte	0
just a couple more hours then im free	1
sorry	0
happy fathers day to your dad clarence	0
i did that and then discovered edge in windows 10 has it embedded	2
i miss you bby	1
it is so nice out	0
hate being let down oss	0
i hope you have a nice day because you deserve it ,  thanks for being a cute girl .  and ill be always support you	0
welcome thanks for quick response have a wonderful day ahead . 	0
damn they know how to dance and for real! it was fun ,  youre a natural	0
damn they know how to dance and for real! it was fun ,  youre a natural	1
stupidity on a different level	0
he look a bit like taek tho	1
thats so true man	0
better turn my notifications on	0
jacquees - body right definitely decent	0
youre born posh ,  bud . 	0
i would love to see your haul though!	0
whats fathers day  ? 	3
whats fathers day  ? 	5
its quite hard to let go of this ht #aldubxdrewga	1
i jus want to sleep	1
we just need aaron to come over and work his ocd dishwasher magic .  ill bet he empties . 	0
thanks	0
i cant even handle that croissant .  #thepreston	0
you cant fight but you my nigga i fwy	0
whoa! i just had a vision! i watched queen elizabeth board a plane that was on fire & missing the tail section ,  like itd been blown off!	3
my girl is up with me at 5:22 am	0
x hell of a girl story of my life	1
i will be leaving this house tonight	0
currently crying while watching the cheetah girls because dorinda told chanel shes a foster child	1
deffo 10/10	0
awe i love you too allison	0
so a kid got snatched by a gator in orlando this evening ? 	5
mock the week	0
steph ,  take care of the ball	4
what the fuucckkkkkk	5
iv had a crush on a girl for the longest and just cant tell her .  . 	2
iv had a crush on a girl for the longest and just cant tell her .  . 	4
46 bodies	3
46 bodies	5
truly does	2
truly does	4
im up texting my boo	0
only downfall about cali .  .  .  theres no sweet tea	1
stay in the eu take the 27 other counties dictating to you and scotland havin 0 % control nice one so smart	0
is so mean to me i swear	2
about to break my baby off	2
usher had a great performance .  fck yall	2
usher had a great performance .  fck yall	5
had the worst anxiety ever lately ugh fuck	1
boy bye	0
why does everyone have this opinion about me	0
happy birthday cous enjoy love you	0
i want some right now	1
8 till 7 shift	0
i didnt even miss that many! got in 10 minutes late mind ,  but its the taking part that counts	0
they only put it in one pair of the lillard 2s i didnt love the look of	0
lol i havent been sleep and i work in 4 hours	0
today i just wanted to stay in the office	2
today i just wanted to stay in the office	4
gotta get that hashtag trending! its so good! #hillarythehypocrite is in ny pretending to be an ally of the gay community	0
hahaha i guess maybe because of his jacket ,  cause i think bap have something similar	0
that smile is the greatest treasure in my life!	0
cant wait to see daddy	0
request accepted	0
how does someone who sells weed ,  hmu for weed ? 	0
im really a sweet girl	0
& hi̇ boys! how was your day ?  i hope you are well just take 2 seconds can you follow me ?  x29 , 054	0
& hi̇ boys! how was your day ?  i hope you are well just take 2 seconds can you follow me ?  x29 , 054	0
i am fine ,  thank you .  on more week before summer break  .  .  .  for 2 month may is always hard ,  lots of exams and grading	0
i am fine ,  thank you .  on more week before summer break  .  .  .  for 2 month may is always hard ,  lots of exams and grading	0
lol i was scrolling thru question threads and yours came up lol	0
when the other person makes it awkward so now you feel awkward	3
when the other person makes it awkward so now you feel awkward	5
you can always make a baby spinach and butter lettuce salad before it all gets eaten . 	0
backk follow=back #زعيم_تويتر_بيزود_الالتراس	0
the definition of "eww" is them	0
i hate hot weather during school & tm boutta be 90*	1
i hate hot weather during school & tm boutta be 90*	5
this shit fucking blows me man	2
this shit fucking blows me man	4
17 days till uva	0
me contracture mal	1
im hip	0
this update tho	0
that is the best evil kitteh look *ever*	0
you have to eat the right to the point she cant handle it & tries to push you off while you still eating it ht…	0
thanks my dude	0
just put a new beam on my glock	4
happy birthday lt	0
i got you chris	0
i wouldnt dare speak to a superior like that	2
people get me mad	2
people get me mad	4
"if lebron can come back from 3-1 in the finals ,  we can come back from being friend zoned . " pshhh i wish	0
my name is like a its always in a bitch	1
my name is like a its always in a bitch	1
hit the jackpot	0
whooooaaaa arms up *swing high* arms down *swing low* arms up *swing high* arms down *swing low*	1
i love my car	0
sushi date next time you are in the city ? 	0
ehhh your a lifer remember	0
but now youre 1 min from me	0
ayyyyyyy u go gurl ,  ye i aint got those yet either	0
possibly because hes not german ? 	0
#callmeseb sebastian please call me it would mean the world to me please i love you so much x232	1
do you want me to tfuka you ? 	2
do you want me to tfuka you ? 	4
kinda intimidating but ily marry tbh negan¿ yes	1
someone call me . 	0
if she aint thick she aint it i cant fuck wit a slim lady	0
#prayforoakland this world is going to be worse and worse and i dont know when will be good again	1
or come back yano	0
bc im too lazy to feed myself honestly lmao .  im well how have you been ,  fren ?  how was cali ?  ?  ?  ?  ? 	0
yeah thats fine ,  just dont be late	2
shoot first ask questions second nigga	2
they said "nah kay stay on your social media"	0
follback	0
jackie doo fell in the fire	0
future songs always have me turnt	0
everyone knows me as a kind sweet person and i dont bother nobody ever!!	1
im hungry	1
lmao smh you wildin ima snitch	0
thats wild tho	0
i think at afton	0
when we talk about a country we talk about its youth ,  its generation .  im very excited about #eff generation is	0
when we talk about a country we talk about its youth ,  its generation .  im very excited about #eff generation is	0
conjuring 2 has made me turn on the lights everywhere i go in the house	0
i think baby n likes bob marley	0
i got nothing to say to that	0
every time i plan to do something it rain	2
every time i plan to do something it rain	4
ghost recon wildlands ^blow your fucking minds^ #ubie3 #e32016	0
monster kor version please! thank youuu	0
wow fafasiow this is very sentimental shit love you fafa thank you god bless your kindness	0
i miss western food more than anything	1
we gone see how you eat friday night & sat morning	0
like yall ever just be crying for no reason around the time of your period ?  ?  that shit so annoying i be dead confused about it too	0
i want some soul food	0
i love my friends	0
yeah ryt .  .  umm .  . her ring indicating me its #sanyukta	0
is it weird that i eat the paper thats around muffins ? 	0
work at 6 remind me why i picked up a second job again	0
omg me too im so mad cuz that was the one i liked best but i guessed i didnt realized and just grabbed it	2
omg me too im so mad cuz that was the one i liked best but i guessed i didnt realized and just grabbed it	4
omg me too im so mad cuz that was the one i liked best but i guessed i didnt realized and just grabbed it	1
omg me too im so mad cuz that was the one i liked best but i guessed i didnt realized and just grabbed it	1
its over but hes s really nice principled guy	0
"you dont run very fast" "uhm im jogging" little kids explain my life	0
parth spread this s3 rumour	0
so excited for tomorrow	0
mariah fts me almost every morning lol	0
i literally love waitressing	0
my dad is such a lightweight omg two pints and hes basically gone	0
i need / wanna be up under baeee	1
females have two personalities & after	0
so apt know .  i want to sleep all day long	0
everything and more	0
real madrid cheating their way tot the final	0
i dont want to go to work	1
sitting in my warm car ,  i dont want to move .  contemplating on sleeping in here	0
just vomited	4
can i wake up and got a follow from any of you freakin impossible . 	1
omg that is insane .  i hope no one has to pay that much	1
omg that is insane .  i hope no one has to pay that much	4
what an amazing show! and i really didnt expect to see you perform here in belgium!	0
lovely photo of yous but samantha you could of smiled more	0
how are you about to shit on strippers/ sugar babies  ?  ?  ?  they make more than your broke ass	0
im negative nancy rn ranting w/aldair	0
but we placed as finalists in the nation however! in the end we kicked ass and that is all that matters	0
congratulations well done you - so whats next world wide domination  ? 	0
kill me please  ,  but not smile for me again	1
darin snores so much lol .  omg hes cute	0
pears be hitting  .  .  .  i wanna make a smoothie but little one sleep & aint tryna wake her	0
i havent had time yo socialize  ,  mia is what i like to be	0
want chic fil a breakfast	1
cooperate	2
cooperate	4
yess very happy	0
ill stick to gtavonline ,  i know what im doing then!	0
kiara want be my nigga so bad	1
good morning j .  ill be at work 6pm to 4am .  have fun .  mwa  . 	0
good morning j .  ill be at work 6pm to 4am .  have fun .  mwa  . 	0
shittalkeerrrrr	2
a chipotle is being placed in victor	0
the way pandora playing all these freaky songs rn	1
glad i dont work at b&b tonight  ,  my head is killing me	1
glad i dont work at b&b tonight  ,  my head is killing me	4
glad i dont work at b&b tonight  ,  my head is killing me	1
i just texted you	1
2-1 wales .  and ill cry	1
what should someone choose who like to eat both	0
its preseason and michelle has managed to have the worst stans	0
the cavs playing tonight	2
why you dodging	0
you aint be getting me girl .   . just playing	0
never enough x trey songz	0
happy birthday !! god bless	0
dont fuck around & make me 38 you wouldnt like me when im 38 ! run up on yah crazy with that 38 put yah ass on the first 48	2
dont fuck around & make me 38 you wouldnt like me when im 38 ! run up on yah crazy with that 38 put yah ass on the first 48	4
women	0
u seem doing fine without me	0
to whoever is sick on the girls .  i am really hoping youll be alright soon enough bc it breaks my heart if not	1
start na pala tix selling .  good luck armys!	0
since saorinu for me tbh	1
i miss the nawf n the squad	1
awww!!!!!!! thank u!!!	0
i seriously cant stand this heat	1
wow great .  its light outside i still didnt sleep!	1
so nerve-racking! #9thebachelorette	1
so nerve-racking! #9thebachelorette	5
hahahah love u morgs thank u	0
hahahah love u morgs thank u	0
burn it	2
burn it	5
i hate the feeling of finishing a drama	1
lol ,  thats funny because every time i see this video i be hype with them . 	0
the night they took my friend  ,  try to black it out but it plays again	4
not starting anything just saying idk how you cant not like her if youve never even talked to her  ,  thats my opinion	0
me & my baby need them js and them foams	1
damn i love your account so much please dont stop! keep it up love	0
hey coming to my neck of the woods	0
yawn .  .  .  . 	0
got my daddy arms around me  ,  spending money like its oxygen honey .  by -	0
that 2tb launch day edition	0
youd think that after all these years id stop freaking out and screaming when taylor swift comes on tv	0
i dont know	0
im dyinnnnngggg	0
oh my gosh! sounds so epic! i already love it!	0
i really want subway	1
this bitch is asking for it .  watch your back sweetheart	0
rose you put out good content and uploading daly makes it so much better ,  i love it keep it up!	0
look her fam	4
im so excited for how much fun me and my girls are going to have this summer	0
at least im safe inside my mind at least im safe inside my m…	0
never trying that again	1
"stank stank"	0
gotta go get this lift in	2
mmmmm nice sexy lady with a nice bike	0
perfectly put . 	0
best part tbh	0
fresh faced back then	0
i think so .  . !	0
battlefield 1 looks so good	0
reports of arsenal enquiring about dele alli and spurs valuing him at £100million in response #transfernews	0
did ok	0
joys of growing up in a military household is the traveling and moving but the downfall is never having any friends or memories w/ them .  . 	1
my sight reading portion sucked but whatever	2
my sight reading portion sucked but whatever	4
still havent learned how to spell though	0
a buncch of cute guys kust had to show up the day i look and feel like	1
i just wanna eat food and watch movies all night	0
few friends on a day out - we get to build towers out of spaghetti & jelly babies for our team building exercises	0
few friends on a day out - we get to build towers out of spaghetti & jelly babies for our team building exercises	0
dont use my girl against me	1
 ,  god is so wonderful & i am so thankful & blessed for everything i have  . 	0
 ,  god is so wonderful & i am so thankful & blessed for everything i have  . 	0
going swimming and coming home and taking a shower after is the best feelings ever like just feeling so clean	1
& just as you think youre safe ,  when you think youre surrounded with loyal ,  trustworthy ,  supportive people .  .  bam! they start hissing	1
- u dope lets talk more senior year cause i want you to be my girlfriend	0
- u dope lets talk more senior year cause i want you to be my girlfriend	0
- u dope lets talk more senior year cause i want you to be my girlfriend	0
go to the doctors ffs dont act like a child for real	1
bastian canoso tiene un aire a bill clinton	0
nah mate im just watching it at home tonight i cant trust myself ill be in there saturday if we win	0
sos! i just moved from new orleans to nashville and need to try this blueberry wheat	5
when everywhere in work was leaking	0
6/6 of beyoncés albums have gone platinum	0
- you stay thinking someone be coming for u but i never see you around but you cute	0
ive been watching oitnb all day ,  it started out fun but now comes tears .  so unexpected . 	1
aye bro i dont	2
aye bro i dont	4
lrt someone said yeast infection	4
wooaa!! i like it!! hot cosplay!	3
fighting li	0
morning came quick	1
where tf is everybody at ? 	0
i miss you guys more!! 31 days .  .  . thats more than i thought	1
thanks bree bree	0
arghhhh my gum is inflamed and its too hard and painful the chew or talk	1
wishing everyone have a happy sunday	0
yasss and my kids are going to be calling you aunt steph or stephanie the only thing is you are already an aunt	0
yasss and my kids are going to be calling you aunt steph or stephanie the only thing is you are already an aunt	1
miss my long hair	1
chill af and cool peeps we needa make moves soon frfr !! hmp	0
something beautiful to the life more meaningful #whatislamteachesme	0
lightweight	0
oh! ahaha even that im here for help! ahahaha good luck ju! you are so intelligent!	0
my hearteuuuu	0
it is nearly impossible to buy gluten free versions of your childs favorites when almost everything has sugar or dairy . 	1
you deserved it #bestmalehiphopartist	0
the sad truth	1
no .  .  .  season 4 can not end like this #oitnb	1
fback ? 	0
q and a with mama .  oh , 	0
that sounds good	0
a sad day for our nation love must win	1
afternoon if you ever need any workwear ,  ppe for glass please safety footwear contact us on 01617244200	0
my mom is worse than i am when it comes to getting ready for a night with friends . 	0
always love you girl	0
and it was very much appreciated .  .  the whole experience / support was fantastic! i might even want to do it again .  .  . 	0
i am waiting	2
i am waiting	4
la jolie taking over le compte !	0
can berita utama tv3 stop talking bout politics every freakin day and why u only shows the good side of that one party haa ?  annoying gile	2
can berita utama tv3 stop talking bout politics every freakin day and why u only shows the good side of that one party haa ?  annoying gile	4
1 for me	0
thank youuu	0
i was thinking of how you made that remark earlier .  thank you! hope youre doing great as well	0
how you expect me to behave when you ah whine like thaaaat	0
i miss my baby i havent got a text or nun in a while	1
mate have you seen my profile pic .  .  .  im 38	0
yeah 50m pounds right in the trash can .  dude couldnt hit water if he was stranded on a boat in the atlantic ocean	0
hollie hes been saying that for ages take your test allready	0
hollie hes been saying that for ages take your test allready	0
i love putting thought into people gifts cause that reaction you get when they happy	0
its just evening for india	0
i apologize	1
went to work this morning still drunk from the night before and i had to work outside all day .  i was miserable	1
yay hahaha .  i got you and your shadow pa if you want	0
so did i	0
omg the food smell so good	0
maybe you should take a trip to south jers	2
maybe you should take a trip to south jers	5
happy birthday xx	0
come through	0
only 40 minutes left of math	0
yall shouldnt have pissed curry off !	2
thank you bot!	0
thanks for the like! happy tuesday to you! hope youre having a super day!	0
thanks lovely day at the belfry with #bclauk2016 #bclauk #dayonedone! learnt so much!! #sundayfunday	0
bruh	0
another streak lost	1
love having these talks with angie!	0
drake a smooth nigga .  . give you songs to say fuck her and songs to say you want her back at the same time .  you dont be knowin wtf you want	1
- you were my bff but i dont know what happened come back but ily	1
when open up the fridge and theres hella tacos	0
i got less than a month to get in shape ahh	1
i am on my way to concord to volunteer for spirit west coast and man i am excited to see nf .  i think i am going to cry	1
*test	0
angels car is so loud	1
rip christina grimmie .  be in peace with the lord . 	1
holes petals was my cutting song	1
i did that on my hand in 4th grade .  .  worse decision of my life tbh	0
when she talks to you in spanish like ,  i couldnt even pass pre-spanish 1	0
i can just taste the pork chops	1
i cant stop watching that video	0
so true!	0
i love you ,  i love you . 	1
that talk with my sister just got to me	1
this dave & busters in hawaii is wayyyyy too lit theres a strip club and a full on club in here	3
this dave & busters in hawaii is wayyyyy too lit theres a strip club and a full on club in here	5
having hiccups is the absolute worst and it appears that when i have them ,  they last for hours if i could fall asleep that would be great . 	2
having hiccups is the absolute worst and it appears that when i have them ,  they last for hours if i could fall asleep that would be great . 	4
im shopping tomorrow	0
im shopping tomorrow	1
drop this ac down to 65 grab me a sweater ,  beenie etc . idk wtf yall doing wit yalls shit at 75 . niggas sweating in blankets twitchin night	0
i was on facebook lookin at old i was a lil ugly mf i was posting pics like i was cute asum	0
i talk to no one .  i mean no one . 	2
i talk to no one .  i mean no one . 	4
dont spam me ,  you already spam me at instagram name tee o pee spamming	1
i will put you on the block list so fast and then forget to take you off	0
of course	0
currently taken shots and smoking a wood	0
ronaldo gotta retire from international duty after this .  wont be able to look bale in the eyes at valdebebas #goldenboot #euro2016	0
youre absolutely gorgeous	0
nothing she looked like she was trying to stay incognito so i didnt wanna bother her	0
eat na you boss	0
hate that i dont have my license	1
so is iggy	0
wheres the party	0
just showing you some love	0
snap me if you dont have it here you go jayyy_bunz	0
must be	3
thankyou!	0
its like 95° up in this bitch and im running around in black pants and sloggers	1
lmfaooo oh my but the real question here is he low key has both pics saved in his phone	0
i posted mine for you	1
i wish they picked me but i was so far at the back hidden by like 200 posters	0
i wish they picked me but i was so far at the back hidden by like 200 posters	1
yay for useful skills hope you have a fireplace to properly enjoy your work	0
4 more episodes	1
when she aries n u taurus so yalls signs aint sposed 2 b together	0
when she aries n u taurus so yalls signs aint sposed 2 b together	4
she loved you publicly but behind closed doors .  . 	0
she loved you publicly but behind closed doors .  . 	0
hahaha true feels like theres fire surrounding them usbauw my faves are kisum jessi cheetah and yukjidaam!	0
hahaha true feels like theres fire surrounding them usbauw my faves are kisum jessi cheetah and yukjidaam!	0
sike i aint like u smh smh	0
thank u mal	1
hes the most caring & loving im tiredt	1
i want a hot sausage poboy	1
yeah im not brave enough yet to watch them	0
bitches will flirt with you then tweet about they "bae" the next day	0
sounds just like you	3
too soon . 	1
imma still listen to m . i . a though but shes annoying	0
chick fila	0
cheers to you	0
quiz tomorrow!	1
gahhh i miss you sm	1
im on the verge of crying already and i havent even seen you yet! xxx	1
i would be fat .  thats what youre saying rn	0
"i got you the make up" my heart is smiling	0
the 2 day college road trip begins with state tonight then gv tomorrow	2
wish i had a bf to bring me food lol	0
seeing all these videos of crying on stage is so	1
wishing you all the luck! go ,  be awesome!	0
end of break go back work again	1
end of break go back work again	1
i cant wait to see your cute ass  ,  and possibly tuesday and tuesday night .  . 	0
hes now bumping ether	0
i cant wait to start summer and adventures with my babies	0
reasons i dont im ricki	0
kaya pala now i know	0
kaya pala now i know	0
we buried a bottle of patron a couple weeks ago and we came back n its still here	0
dont play with me .  because i actually got money in my account . 	1
exactly .  she get him back he still gone be all in my phone . 	0
dear siri~ i am tired of you being self centered and turning every "you" into "i"	2
im so bored rn in everyweekend is never fun	2
im so bored rn in everyweekend is never fun	4
im so bored rn in everyweekend is never fun	1
depends who says it	0
literally branded my hand with the nail rn	0
need to stop eating so much broccoli these days	0
nope!	3
im from ina too i wanna send the letter too	0
hows life  ?  oh lifes been great w/o you  ,  so dont try to come back toddles	0
one of a kind	0
can you see my happy smile from there ? ! youre so sweet! thank you!!! im so excited for your future!	0
i just want your song ive had a bad day listening to it would make me feel 100% better	1
taty and i might be the most evil bitches out of the ppl we communicate with	0
watching again and crying again .  im such a cry baby	1
perfect	0
dinner in primrose hill this evening how bloody delightful	0
thanks for my new nails daddy	0
finna have to beggggg my cousin to do my hair i done bs her so many times	1
thank you so much	0
yes man	1
if you dont like roller coasters ,  we cant be friends	1
but then again it wouldnt be a party really cause i stopped talking to everyone	0
no lies .  just poorly researched question askers getting themselves in a tangle	2
no lies .  just poorly researched question askers getting themselves in a tangle	5
the fact that i finished oitnb earlier this morning the ending is too much for my poor sentimental heart	1
my birthday is next month	0
very awesome wish i was there lol need a vacation & cant wait for the gathering lol #gotj 17th annual #whoopwhoop	0
when ur laptop crashes .  .  .  huhuhuhuhu but i took good care of you yo	1
when ur laptop crashes .  .  .  huhuhuhuhu but i took good care of you yo	1
ooooh ,  thats a hard one .  .  . it would be so tempting ,  even though you know it would only bring chaos & destruction . 	5
yeah box office	0
my son will not be a fuckboy! ill fight his ass . 	0
whenever i get money its so tempting to buy new shoes	0
hugged by your twitter people!	0
yea like a few months ago not 2 hours ago .  watch everyone bouta rt they shit every few hours . 	0
im so dumb	1
11:11 ween d&p again everyone safe n happy!! stuff goes well	0
btw toni did an amazing job on my face	0
same	0
remember kids! the sign is there for a reason .  i would highly recommend using it	0
do it dude .  best thing ive ever bought	0
what ? 	0
sober as a judge	0
beh how much tuition natin ? 	0
i shouldve kissed you  .  .  i shouldve told you how i feel	0
cello i played the cello	0
poke the hottest rapper hands down	0
#euro2016 is off and underway! summer of sport begins now!	0
the crazy thing is that ive only begun and they looking at me like i already won	2
we miss you too	0
mission accomplished	0
if i text somebody and they dont reply idc but when somebody text me and i dont reply they get mad at me	1
the golf ball epcot is spaceship earth btw	0
yes!!! oh who was the guy who does the israel/palestine podcast ?  couldnt quite make it out with your beautiful accent	0
the perfection is too much to handle	1
so anyone whos working the power at my street do us a favour and stop fucking around with it thank you very much	0
taylor swift is dating loki a . k . a tom hiddlestone	5
mad with yo mad ass	0
see you tommorw in dublin:face_blowing_a_kiss::growing_heart:love yeahs	0
knowing and getting along with pts/instructors and reception people is fab because you get so much good stuff out of it	0
when the friends producers fuck up and put arquette at the end of david schwimmers name instead of courtney cox	0
yes po	0
anybody in nashville want 2 buy 2 tix 2 see gregory alan isakov w/ colorado symphony tonight ?  my sitter just backed out .  dm if interested . 	1
fabulous ahaha ,  i do indeed would you prefer schloer ? 	0
fabulous ahaha ,  i do indeed would you prefer schloer ? 	0
i need to get healthy again	0
my shoulder hurts so damn bad	2
my shoulder hurts so damn bad	5
i think its 6 years today since in paris with as support .  .  . 	0
im funny ,  smart ,  caring ,  supportive and nasty for the right man	0
im more excited about my best friends birthday than she is	0
orlando taking all kinds of ls	1
higuain	1
thats why	0
okey .  .  .  i wasnt sure at first .  .  but now im actually excited to work with this new horse	0
thank you for making this traffic bearable	0
dominatrices arent meant to be minimalists . 	1
payday on fleek . 	0
thank you	0
randolph over westwood	0
i really need go doctor	1
the game is totally addictive!! im on level 23	0
the cat we retweeted reached it"s goal!!!	1
- ion even how to explain you	0
where they serve the same food as the one in gibson city .  .  .  thanks	0
happy birthday my little honey have a good one	0
happy birthday my little honey have a good one	0
happy birthday my little honey have a good one	0
jack and jacks album will be out in my country first its ok to be jealous x i will snatch up all the good users!	0
beyoncé is on the tv screen at the dentist office . 	0
#dolceamorejustsayyes yes tenten king of bilbil	0
aight nigga .  thats bool . 	0
loser	0
hoe dont call me quan i thought i told you call me bill	0
#deletemynumber if we texting and the conversation go like this .  wyd me:about to shower without me obviously n…	2
#deletemynumber if we texting and the conversation go like this .  wyd me:about to shower without me obviously n…	4
i need to go buy some things so i can tone up my hair again  ,  im so busy i dont have the time	1
// wassup how u been  ?  u st8 aint see u in a while	0
and hanbin is nominated in its final round	1
i had a dream about last night and it was pretty weird  .  i woke up thinking i knew her  . 	0
going out tonight	0
been wondering where you been at	1
thank you	0
haha yeah i know u meant it that way	0
i know maybe mfs will learn one day	0
all dese niccas try to do the same shit i do often imitated never duplicated!	0
soaps make me cry way too often why did oscar have to die #homeandaway	1
soaps make me cry way too often why did oscar have to die #homeandaway	1
i slept in your bed two nights ago	0
im mean its gotten me this far . 	0
baby baby	0
yes!! that ones so pretty!	0
george lopez actually funny asf	0
i need	0
knew i shouldve sorted my euros out earlier	1
respect but she didnt even know you had a daughter i had to show her she said you still her bestie tho	0
respect but she didnt even know you had a daughter i had to show her she said you still her bestie tho	2
respect but she didnt even know you had a daughter i had to show her she said you still her bestie tho	4
every part of me hurts ,  got damn!	1
oh why thank you darling  .  .  i learn from you	0
oh why thank you darling  .  .  i learn from you	0
except my broke my glasses hell no	1
hopefully him and jaxon got the same genes i got	0
what she look like tho  ? ! i just got some pussy and it was great	0
jungkook looks lyk conan his hair and his suit lmao	0
hey dude ,  love your vids .  theyre funny as fuck .  could i grab some tips on your expert roasting skills ?  (fuck keemstar btw	0
hey dude ,  love your vids .  theyre funny as fuck .  could i grab some tips on your expert roasting skills ?  (fuck keemstar btw	0
watching the borgias and enjoying the young luke!	0
truee!	0
lol i am not married but id get married there	0
fucking ridiculous . 	1
wow the day i work you dont come	2
wow the day i work you dont come	4
how the fuck that happen	1
i never knew we had all these beautiful females in dayton	3
i never knew we had all these beautiful females in dayton	5
i read that books . 	0
thanks for the follow of our fan page about #tomellis of #lucifer #luciwave #tomegirls	2
thanks for the follow of our fan page about #tomellis of #lucifer #luciwave #tomegirls	0
seos letter where you at ?  late ? 	1
or post pictures	0
glad to hear youre voting for marco! #teammarco #flsen	0
lol .  dont pretend to be cool . 	0
im just glad i went to sleep .  soon as i saw that 50/50 i knew it was game over . 	1
so happy	0
cause you wit me	0
way better	0
beyonce is queen	1
beyonce is queen	5
i havent gone out with my friends in a while so tonight should be fun	0
happy bday	0
trust trust	2
trust trust	4
glad to see you guys finally together	0
i have been homeless for the past 6 hours	1
understood lol .  .  . there will be more	0
that guy shes in love with looks like a 70s porn star	0
thanks	0
a donde ? 	1
i guess yours is pretty great ? 	0
bernie hates hillary hillary hates bernie "this is some funny shit"! lol democrats	0
bernie hates hillary hillary hates bernie "this is some funny shit"! lol democrats	0
seeing my uncle tonight since 14 yrs ago	0
almost there	0
exactly! youll have all of us he can be the one bringing that car seat up and down	0
its true tho	1
enter me in #jendiygiveaway hope i win this can check my first post here to prove that my post is all about this giveaway 4 , 787	1
it wouldve been crafty ? 	0
i thought you tigers were boycotting mmm this weekend . 	0
mbc 2 priest	0
im jus really tired	1
im jus really tired	4
gi full jud ang brightness oa-ha	0
got a letter from crete saying i can leave after 1st semester	2
when its not snow white	0
oh yesss lexi you literally live 1 minute away from me	0
oh yesss lexi you literally live 1 minute away from me	1
"hearts are broken by words left unspoken"	1
change dp bc why not	0
baby hit this weed cuz it might calm u down ,  i rub ya feet listenin to everything you talkin bout	0
harris join abdi and jamal after reno wont talk with harris what will happen today ?  #salamrctieps19	3
now what ? 	0
ill beef with anybody as long as i got mines	4
welp tried to be kyrie on the court today and twisted my damn ankle	2
welp tried to be kyrie on the court today and twisted my damn ankle	4
muguruza loses the 2nd 7-5	1
i know i know its killing me too!	1
emojify #wwdc2016	0
im feel bad for myself ,  i done fw some ducks before	1
time flies after iftaar	3
really	2
really	4
theres something more beautiful than a b777 ? 	0
scary	1
this im eating is so freaking good	1
cercei on the iron throne ,  sansa in the north ,  and daenerys on her way to westeros s7 is gonna be lit	1
puberty hit some kids like a truck and im just like when is it my turn	0
this aint even funny	0
poland loves you! have a great day	0
seriously! stop showing the terrorists blowing themselves up .  you are giving them their 15 mins of fame! #stopitnow	2
sehunnie and baekhyunnie food/drink truck my babies are soooo sweet and lovely	1
dont get hit im w/ the shits like i gotta pull-up on my ass	2
see u at 5:30 send me the addy	0
woke up with a bad cough whats next i been sick all week	1
my eyes hurt but cannot sleep	3
man its lonely out here	3
man its lonely out here	5
proper made me laugh that	0
next three days off ,  hell yeahh	0
someone go to huddle house with me	1
miss my momma everyday man	1
desiigner on the list with three songs	0
thats why i dont wanna do it again tbh i really want to watch but then again i keep remembering the scene n it makes me scared	0
#growingupwithmyname " jessica with one s or two ? "	2
#growingupwithmyname " jessica with one s or two ? "	4
wait so are we arent your real friends too ?  ?  ?  ?  ? 	0
it legitimately sucks to be reminded of unfortunate events ,  but its reality . 	1
ima leave dat dm right were its at	1
gorgeous ,  mel!	0
happy birthday sexc i aint see u today	0
yung cupcake ni mam wallace	0
no one understands how good it felt to take off that tech uniform and realizing that i never have to wear it again	0
"you be playing" first of all ion even like you	1
streets of compton	2
chingeasu	4
thats exactly what i was doing	0
happy national dad jokes day!!	0
tbh i probably wont even take nobody serious until i get out of college	0
its only 8 . 16am and im already thinking of having chicken masala for sungkai later . 	0
my room is freezing! yesss god!	0
not like you!! morning!!	0
nigeria film ,  after you get the money thats when the person in the hospital would die	2
nigeria film ,  after you get the money thats when the person in the hospital would die	4
tequila thats my drank	2
she texted me the sabe thing	0
funny ass night	1
lol youre so crazy! we got this we just have to stay focused .  ive been walking like 12 miles a day here	1
i swear im tired of being tired my iron must be low asf .  .  im so tired & weak	1
i swear im tired of being tired my iron must be low asf .  .  im so tired & weak	4
okieee	0
im innocent i swear	0
im innocent i swear	1
thank you denise! literally made my night! love and miss you	0
thank you denise! literally made my night! love and miss you	1
3oh!3 just came on my pandora  ,  god take me back to middle school	0
yes #england!!! 3-0 spanking in your own back yard #australia #swinglow #ausveng	0
ill tell abt my condition later to you .  tak syok ah sini	0
i swear every time i want to draw something i dont have any utensils or paper to draw on	1
phone booth 9/10 keeps me on the edge of my seat from the start to the end	1
// are these yo fav emojis  ?  & but you cute  ,  you a laa thot tho but you still my girlfriend	0
// are these yo fav emojis  ?  & but you cute  ,  you a laa thot tho but you still my girlfriend	2
// are these yo fav emojis  ?  & but you cute  ,  you a laa thot tho but you still my girlfriend	0
// are these yo fav emojis  ?  & but you cute  ,  you a laa thot tho but you still my girlfriend	1
lol he added me to a list of bigotry .  someone is sensitive	0
i dont wanna b like my auntie and shelter tf out my son & he grows to b a 64 weenie	1
shit aint new to me	0
i love you	0
excited for #findingdory w the sisters today!!!!	0
you know what im talking bout  ? 	0
how are france favourites	3
how are france favourites	5
i wanna make love to uuuuuu	1
do not bump	1
simple if youre not  ,  do not care !	0
of joy & you seriously cant makes you appreciate the people you actually have around more	0
of joy & you seriously cant makes you appreciate the people you actually have around more	1
craving benihanas	1
thats me right now	0
ridiculousness always has me laughing	0
yesterday i ran a red light i really hope there wasnt a camera at the light	1
him in that backwards snapback tho	1
last day of high school today	3
last day of high school today	5
my body wont let me sleep	1
niggas be actin like bitches and bitches be lovin these niggas wassup wit these bitches ? 	1
a pedi w my momma is just what i needed	0
commentary getting heated #engvwal #wal #eng #euro2016	0
dm-ing you are now part of my routine oops sorry but i almost died also so its a fair game	0
dm-ing you are now part of my routine oops sorry but i almost died also so its a fair game	0
cut off	0
using it is so weird .  like everything is different	0
we have a serious criminal minds problem and im totally okay with it	0
thanks hoping 2 hv a gd weekend bt its raining all wk up here ,  hope its nice at yours xx	0
ur aviiiiiii	0
my mom is like no thats not right and were like her birthday is today the cake was meant to get cut today	0
me and my sister said the same thing happy birthday habib!	0
me and my sister said the same thing happy birthday habib!	2
me and my sister said the same thing happy birthday habib!	5
this list should probably just be the set list for vip! or you can switch it up for people going 3 times	0
this list should probably just be the set list for vip! or you can switch it up for people going 3 times	0
oh my god dont	1
s/o to for throwing me a job .  i start today	0
hey girl ,  wanna go for a ride in my rusty 2001 nissan sentra ?  it only has 145 , 000 miles	0
when the next time  ? 	0
not feeling today at all ,  all in my feels	1
i totally can do that	0
aaah i would love to see it some time! its always nice and interesting to see other shawols shrinee . 	0
orr how you going during a test luke on his own	0
sublime	0
0 motivation to study	1
probably the worst game ive seen so far .  prefer tackles to tactics to be fair .  its more entertaining	0
where sheena kid	1
just left a voicemail for a sub that included me saying "id like to get the plans into your inbox as soon as possible" .  .  .  my life . 	0
come visit and ill feed you	0
suck my cock ,  thatll make things better	2
listen yea fanwars should stop	1
i notice everything ,  i just act like i don’t…	2
i notice everything ,  i just act like i don’t…	4
oh okay .  and bih we got wifi	0
trying to get u some followers	0
nicky	0
forehead kisses and hugs from behind get me every time	1
she hilarious a lust for life ,  changes everything ,  you heard what she says at the end ?  she got gumption	0
the camera i want is atleast £300 so at the moment i can only afford iphone lenses	0
holy shit ,  that finale #wynonnaearp	3
holy shit ,  that finale #wynonnaearp	5
what to do cant help being one of those maniacs	0
niggas is rats nowadays ,  you cant talk too them	2
niggas is rats nowadays ,  you cant talk too them	4
think of all the money ,  im working 30+ hours a week .  its stressful	0
work and life in general	0
how i got a 340$fine for drinking at the beach	0
craving some japanese food  ,  apple juice & to be laid up with my boyfriend	2
craving some japanese food  ,  apple juice & to be laid up with my boyfriend	4
i miss my hair stylist	1
wuuu someone bought new phone	0
thanks	0
pancakes again	0
chicken tomorrow ? 	0
l took the fish off my business ads years ago .  i discovered a beautiful group of people who actually pay their bills!	0
my nigga my dogg you the truth i remember u use sneak diss but gulf shores show us a good time love you boy hope u play college	0
if only yall knew what was discussed in the group chat with my girls	1
we sipn puffin	1
daaaemoney	0
he mustve sensed me about to pop off he was just in time	0
thank you! were not far from port louis where is the national park youve mentioned located ?  can it be done in a day ? 	0
addicted to butterfly . 	0
fake my life is interesting lmao	2
fake my life is interesting lmao	4
havent been this stressed in a long time	1
my dog knows how to turn on the tv ,  use her paws for the ipad and open doors	3
my dog knows how to turn on the tv ,  use her paws for the ipad and open doors	5
i love this im gonna go get a tattoo .  & says "cool ,  kid .  go express yourself"	0
back to cheerleading	0
ofcourse	0
i get to see ian kennedy pitch sunday	0
packing for four days is just as hard as packing for a week and a half	0
i had a maduro one and i was like wtf how i use to eat this all the time but then i remember i use to buy the fries yaroa	1
trying to endure the pain bc got	0
seriously me too i cant do it	0
stupid	0
oppa ,  you are the most beautiful thing in my life  ,  please dont be sad because it will really hurt me i love angel ~ #happyleeteukday	1
is almost worth missing cole	1
i feel like doo go make sure the door locked when i call him flashing cause he know i be otw!!	0
look what ive just found	1
bho idk	0
lol i forgot munib dont view it!!!	4
they should put this at graduation ceremonies and watch the tears	0
god i wish i was a gorilla and some kid fell into my inclosure right now	2
god i wish i was a gorilla and some kid fell into my inclosure right now	4
hello our hero & good morning love to reply me plz #guru	0
done	0
i really miss my daddy	1
oh damn .  better pray my mum never finds that page otherwise she finna be the same as yours swear dey shouldnt have fb period	0
oh damn .  better pray my mum never finds that page otherwise she finna be the same as yours swear dey shouldnt have fb period	0
i know .  thats why i dont understand why people put so much energy into this bs . 	0
love you always here for you text me	0
love you always here for you text me	0
stfu	2
stfu	4
havent been this happy in a while	0
"quint pon di bordaaay" is one of my fav line #ontopictalkshow	1
i smell something aryana	0
why you do this to me	1
love you too	0
no thankfully not x days tomorrow	0
i got one of metallic one and two of the ultra matte ones but im sad im leaving to mexico and they get here the day i leave	1
so my analysis of #theforceawakens was supposed to be a 4pg essay ,  made it 8pgs excuse me for being a nerd ,  every scene was essential	0
thank you  ,  so are you	0
thank you  ,  so are you	0
finding this alternative radio station was the greatest thing that could happen woke up to cobains voice	0
cant wait to go home	1
i wanna grill	0
happy friday!	0
 . @vinieo here is someone you should meet you have a lot in common! youre welcome!	0
prayers for the victims .  #istanbul	3
prayers for the victims .  #istanbul	5
thank you	0
welcome to the clutches of russia .  #brexit	0
bitcccch i was wondering why you was quiet	0
awat gid ah . 	2
awat gid ah . 	4
just left the pool	0
conjuring 2 tonight	0
true	1
i cant wait im so excited	0
i cant wait im so excited	0
"move that fucking ball come on"	0
i aint gon hold you i only fw 5 songs in curb service the rest just sound dumb	0
i aint gon hold you i only fw 5 songs in curb service the rest just sound dumb	0
just gonna kick it at the house by myself	0
i cant stand the heat .  i always feel like blah . 	4
it does! 4 years ago i wouldnt look at a photo of me .  .  .  now you cant bloody stop me playing with images	0
u ready ? 	0
lol he thinks hes a swagger don	2
lol he thinks hes a swagger don	4
#imthatgirlfriend that will annoy you but youll never get tired of	0
i got your back man its ok kobe raped someone and he still got to be a laker all you got to do is change your number bro	0
people who still watch jr must be patient or they have nothing better to do . 	0
im acting up  all summer 16	0
❥pls take care of your voice baby drink lots of water ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ and no more ice cream for you	1
#happybirthdayarianagrande you dont know how beautiful u are .  i love u ,  and ur new album .  happy birthday my little baby	0
hey its my birthday itd mean the whole world to me if you spend a few seconds to follow me love u so much zking x:white_medium_star:️	0
i want a cute ass bodysuit	0
todays mexican soccer game was sponsored by 7up	0
literally	1
i get my license tomorrow	0
my boyfriend is a keeper	0
i dont even know when im being sarcastic anymore	0
starting to get a sore throat and working 6 days straight	1
wtf hes weak he barelu has amy	0
wtf hes weak he barelu has amy	0
dunked wings	0
wow .  .  .  i really hope you guys work things out and	1
your header	1
lol thanks michelle	0
anyways 25 next month .  i gotta plan something for my birthday	1
people are doing to much nowadays	0
last time i went to the fireworks a nigga got shot within steps of me thats when i knew shit like that aint for me	1
subtweets are funny	0
why a hospital tho	1
dont expect me to stay	1
this shopping spree is going to complete me  . 	0
17 this year 18 next year	0
aw ok just checking well of either of you need someone im a message away	0
well un cancel it	4
just started watching and im hooked	0
aint like no outta my league type shit tuh  .  or he moved away or lost touch  .  . nothing like that  .  we kick it often lol im just a weirdo	0
ana gave me a big bowl of ice cream and wanted to feed me so much food just so i could stop freaking out	0
im sooooo serious tho lol	3
im sooooo serious tho lol	5
my avi is blurry and i dont know how to get it to go away	1
alright im coming over and watching it with you and melissa	0
i love mount gay rum	0
gotcha . 	2
gotcha . 	5
when your parents have a better social life then you #loner #sick	1
definitely putting on sun screen tomorrow  .  .  neck finna be black asf	1
hmm i am thinking but no answer sir	1
i love me some him	0
i dont get it	2
i dont get it	4
ordered clothes online on thursday ordered more today	1
still waiting for to come on vod or something!! need to have crush my soul with her skills	3
still waiting for to come on vod or something!! need to have crush my soul with her skills	5
driving ?  i think yes got to put that work in	0
this man keeps harassing me at work .  its actually sad because my manager had to gas his ass today! she flamed that man!!! flamed	1
just got my birthday discount applied to my purchase of the cairdeas 2016 madeira edition .  great whisky at a great price . 	0
everybody mad at me	1
excuse me .  .  youre not maine	2
excuse me .  .  youre not maine	4
you still noticed it	0
fo du record ,  i was kidding .  i have absolutely no clue what happens in the movie	0
just ignore that shit dude .  stupid people are gonna be stupid . 	1
ok ok .  .  keep eating:money-mouth_face::sign_of_the_horns_medium-dark_skin_tone::loudly_crying_face:@trapmoneyforeva	1
people really go out they way to hurt others smh	1
people really go out they way to hurt others smh	4
my future wife is out there somewhere with someone else thought of the night	0
make me proud dont let them push you around be aggressive but not dirty make a goal for me im the…	0
make me proud dont let them push you around be aggressive but not dirty make a goal for me im the…	1
cant sleep wth	1
well open the box ? !	0
i caught a girl pretending to be her guy cousin .  .  .  .  that one takes the cake for me . 	3
i caught a girl pretending to be her guy cousin .  .  .  .  that one takes the cake for me . 	5
hell yea	0
azi montefalco why you do this to me ?  such a gaytard	0
im so bored	0
just got to pay for it now!	0
i dont know what to do . 	2
i dont know what to do . 	4
im still laying on the couch . 	1
just took a fat nap on the pavement at the sports complex im playing at	0
im so in love with jacquees yall dont understand	1
lucky me jokes im so excited	0
wae im always the unnie	1
prof- comes late ,  plays videos most class ,  tells class to discuss ,  goes on break to answer phone but will you teach me ?  why am i here ? 	2
prof- comes late ,  plays videos most class ,  tells class to discuss ,  goes on break to answer phone but will you teach me ?  why am i here ? 	5
in other news ,  saw & in houston & have had "babe i love you" in my head- the hq/lr version ,  that is	3
in other news ,  saw & in houston & have had "babe i love you" in my head- the hq/lr version ,  that is	5
im just tryin to have fun tonight	0
- daymakerrr ! imma miss you but i love ya	0
- daymakerrr ! imma miss you but i love ya	1
i just wanna go home	0
damn i know how you feel dont worry youre not alone haha	1
didnt get lost on my walk .  .  .  at least i can do something right .  now to eat my feelings in fruit . 	0
so .  .  .  i might be having my 2016 grad party tonight ,  dm me if you have any questions	0
your crazy	0
crazy to see its already been a year that i graduated	1
when you bought pants a month ago and have to buy new pants bc of gains	1
oh .  .  .  well at least you know i got your back	0
i havent had anyone say anything about my weight in years and i recently went up a couple sizes so it was nice to hear	3
i havent had anyone say anything about my weight in years and i recently went up a couple sizes so it was nice to hear	5
dont worry about me & mine  ,  please and thank you  . 	0
i need this #facetimemenash por la	1
lol ion got chase no mo in good for it dont trip	0
that ill be watching with my mommy  ,  but she isnt even here right now	2
that ill be watching with my mommy  ,  but she isnt even here right now	5
really ? ! i really will soon girl! thank you	0
youve got the loveliest hair & smile the things i would give to be you ugh xx	0
i miss how shit use to be .  .  straight dumb for that i was going through it around then	1
kool-aid pickles are the best i swear	0
anyways .  .  work time .  bye yall	1
oh well yeah its tomorrow	0
lmfaoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo exactly i know you aint slow	0
it was a dollar my nigga ,  a whole ass four quarters ,  ten dimes ,  20 nickels or 100 pennies i went out and bought more . 	0
ill be waiting text me though gotta inquire about a few things about when do get here . 	0
wow i love shes one of the nicest people i know	1
proud to have been born in the great state of texas today . 	0
red velvet is so good	0
but i now no time fan my original stans ;  i . o . i is like top of my list now	0
you are next	0
rt for an honest/rude indirect! dont get butthurt	0
evening ali ,  hope youve had a nice day .  i had a pleasant drive through the blackdowns on my way home earlier	0
i know myself better fahshan	0
i feel so sick .  . 	1
9/9/15 almost a year i been fucking with the kid	2
9/9/15 almost a year i been fucking with the kid	4
thugger	0
i really dont know how to feel  .  .  . 	1
tragedy .  .  tragedy .  .  tragedy .  .  depressing isnt it ? 	1
kirby was a homie idc what you say about that lady	0
followed	0
im convinced i belong on the show my crazy ex cause i swear i will set my ex on fire & record the whole thing then call 911 myself	0
disney movies marathon bc im so hangover	3
girl shut up	0
rip anton yelchin ,  you been my crush since i could remember!	1
so happy with my life right now!	0
its beyond ridiculous	1
thanks ,  jetlag brain ,  for revisiting my number one childhood nightmare .  so glad to know that 18 years later ,  its still terrifying . 	1
thanks ,  jetlag brain ,  for revisiting my number one childhood nightmare .  so glad to know that 18 years later ,  its still terrifying . 	4
baru je book out da book in balik boring week ahead siaaaa	1
just did 36 boats by myself	3
just did 36 boats by myself	5
i hate that i be kirking so bad when im irritated	1
i wanna be at life in color rn	1
but not this time .  whatever they will grow back  .  hopefully fast! thank god for eyebrow filler!	1
such a fucking sad day .  .  . 	1
alreaaaaady knew #drizzyforeva	0
just say when	0
auntie lolly better fall her fat ass back before i call immigration	2
so true! thx for flw back	0
i have stable angina  ,  my heart is not supposed to be under any type of emotional stress but i cant help but feel this way	1
uhm i know that healy did not just try to kill himself .  this show is crazy #oitnb4	1
im so quirky .  no wonder why i dont have a boyfriend . 	0
- girlfriend - covent garden in london - myself - 9 . 9999/10 - 11/10	1
wow bondi sands fake tan genuinely smells like australia	0
fucking liz calls me to go to the dollar store	2
fucking liz calls me to go to the dollar store	4
main thing i miss about a relationship is having someone clean my car lol my girl is so dusty inside and out . 	1
just watched the snap story for edc and im super jealous	1
say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad that im going to miss mine by just a few days	1
was just gonna say that . 	3
must be nice	2
must be nice	4
back in wisconsin . 	1
jai ho brother #6_दिन_बाद_सुल्तान_का_दाव	0
scary to think the end times is near .  but i know where im going . 	1
well hopefully my laptop will be fixed before	0
last night #uk was celebrating .  most songs played in clubs contained the word ,  free  .  #europe #worldnews #england xxx	0
cats are furry little demons . 	0
annoyed right now coz i cant find any decent links to the ko title match to screencap coz they all have some kind of name tag .  aghhh	3
im ready to go home today please	0
everyone	0
• you so pretty	0
oh crap thinks wiggins has been good just like i do .  .  .  what does this mean	0
aite everybody .  .  .  im back!!! did you miss me ?  ?  ? 	0
when you tryna eat healthy but its so damn hard	1
that song "maybe this time" huhu	1
i just want a slice of pizza  ,  cheese fries  ,  buffalo wings & a orange soda	1
ahhhh! yeah youre right! ill visit!!!! i love melbourne	0
wish i was at roses last night	1
anyone who can suggest an offline dictionary that doesnt have ads ? 	2
dude	3
dude	5
broke a nail	1
thought these kids were innocent but damn they really some hoes	3
thought these kids were innocent but damn they really some hoes	5
text me	0
i want a girlfriend so bad  ,  she gotta know how to give good head tho  ,  im talkin better then my nigga head  ,  and his shit	0
what ? 	0
i have pizza rolls in a zip lock	0
shut up .  dimitrov won a match ? 	5
bun a zoog it all helps	0
somebody come scoop the kid	0
so demotivated today new video tonight though	1
still havent seen finding dory	1
"southgate! this is their year!"	0
i have the biggest fetish for jacked up trucks	0
thats been me since monday	1
thats been me since monday	4
but this entire thread was so interesting	0
good night lovebabe take care always! ilysm and imysm	0
hayyyyyyy lol you cute & really funny stay in your feelings tho	0
so cute	0
ill go wembley and support em for ya instead if wakey get there haha	0
i dont like carrying two separate phones but i might revisit that idea . 	1
im nice person	0
i know	1
before the day ends something good news arrived .  thank you lord and thank u inay god bless . 	0
zero all i remember is going to the toilet i promised myself id go but now i dont even know where it is	1
zero all i remember is going to the toilet i promised myself id go but now i dont even know where it is	0
i aint dialing but my bodys calling for ya  ,  breaking down how to give it to you	1
early morning stint .  ngarag . 	1
dude im going to sleep .  i wont pass my bed time like you did	0
im literally the only kid in my family who isnt girl crazy #futurespinster	0
need somebody to spend my money on	1
acting like females! shits comical!	0
yay! proud of you then youre close to me so we can hang out	0
uncle drew is going off right now ,  be surprising on what espn has to say in the morning	0
thanks lilly!	0
ayeee  .  they not lyin . 	0
im not ready to die at practice today  . 	1
i needaa smoke bout 10 blunts to get my mind off summa this shit i go thur	1
me to i really do	2
me to i really do	4
no problem i dont fuss tho ! see me and do your thing  . 	0
miss ya man .  hopefully ill get to see you soon .  youre gonna to great things in life	0
senior week got me like this stg	1
romania would be my fucking team	1
how many times did i tell yall that nigga aint shit ? 	0
#mmkcourageouscatie but jesus loves me more than most . 	1
i took waaay to many pictures today	1
the first time i was out tren woke me up  ,  he was all panicked  .  which is kind of scary that i didnt wake up on my	0
the first time i was out tren woke me up  ,  he was all panicked  .  which is kind of scary that i didnt wake up on my	3
the first time i was out tren woke me up  ,  he was all panicked  .  which is kind of scary that i didnt wake up on my	5
and toto wrote the song rosanna about her! impressive claim to fame	0
i tried that one and hated it it was way too thick for me	1
& i were disappointed with your new raspberry trifle sundaes	1
soul i lisent it right now man	0
then the fact yall petty asf know ik everything	0
i love you	0
aweee helpful sya shenzay hahaha!	0
aweee helpful sya shenzay hahaha!	2
aweee helpful sya shenzay hahaha!	4
ima get fat during the summer i know this	1
happy birthday ur beautiful love you	0
guess i find me a movie to watch	0
i love hummingbirds too	0
116° in vegas right now dying	1
i really dont want to go back to evansville tomorrow .  my home is here	1
that should give #toryboypierce the collywobbles ;  but - he did vote for him	0
that line decent af bro i like that one drake like " got my capital on shift " some shit like that  ,  old drake	0
the fact that one persons body odor can stink up an entire train is way too much power for one person to have	4
wouldnt want that on my conscience im afraid . 	1
woah purrdy!!!!	0
woah purrdy!!!!	3
sorry  .  .  .  im not okay .  .  . 	1
and actually ,  i /had/ already seen that!	0
you really all the way in florida doe like wyd	0
legs are sore from gym not sure how im gonna go work	0
do you really want that fuck nigga or do you want me	2
hmlll anytime	0
tyler go to sleep	0
big t-shirts are my fav	0
im going to start smiling like kodak	2
im going to start smiling like kodak	5
damn this month went by so fast	1
i guess the women get to have all our attention back no more basketball	0
i was locked up for 8 days everything we did was for push-ups never knew my stomach would cramp from hella push-ups	1
yowzers thanks for the update	3
disneyland	0
why not .  we will study for gmat or whatever together	0
im done lurking for the day	1
imma go to the movies by movies by my damn self	1
still not over that she got killed #ripchristina i loved her voice so much	1
why am i not at cma fest ? 	2
why am i not at cma fest ? 	4
barely worn makeup all summer and im lovinnn it	0
you are lying	0
fair warning - i will never stop posting beach pictures	0
i hate this lady i work with spreading her germs coughing everywhere ,  made almost every co worker sick	2
i hate this lady i work with spreading her germs coughing everywhere ,  made almost every co worker sick	4
ughhhh .  that just stinks because the kids will likely be with the how funny is it that has his own emoji! ? ! ? !	4
huh ?  oh .  thanks!	0
well this is super lovely ,  thank you hope to see you in next break	0
well this is super lovely ,  thank you hope to see you in next break	0
i want some waffles	1
i miss you .  you miss me .  so why are we still not talking .  .  ? 	1
only on special occasions	0
lmao whyyyy idk what it is about them	0
i hate feeling overwhelmed	1
missing out on #tfr	1
i put that on my life that i aint see this coming ,  opened up my heart shouldve never let you come in	1
oh goodie!	0
oh goodie!	0
my baby wanna see his sister i just been on moves	1
sinetch itey	0
i actually bought the #gain pods cuz of your last video	0
when i go out i see so many of my good friends i need to stop being a home body	0
so you get calligraphy graffiti in vancouver ? 	0
i am genuinely chuffed to bits	0
lovely wish i could be there too!	0
im already sleepy	1
i want some moët	1
so either england will win or iceland will win! cheers for the tip gaz im off to the bookies	0
recruit me recruit me!!! i need a remote hl7 analyst position making a of hook it up!!!	2
recruit me recruit me!!! i need a remote hl7 analyst position making a of hook it up!!!	5
thank you!	0
happy aloha friday 2 u 2 sarah ! thanks	0
mi love cocky	0
first day back at the gym has killed me	1
camz ,  youre so fantastic	0
super generous of you! i would have a huge smile on my face if i won this fingers crossed	0
my sister wants us to go to her place for chillas and im so not interested .  just wanna sleep the whole day	0
but i was saving for this	0
ima be single forever	0
no way bert duncan willfully ate a hot dog!!	0
sleeping all alone	1
cant sleep	4
love this	0
goodnight guys	0
yeayy thank you were so happy	0
ever thought somebody was and at the same time  . 	0
ever thought somebody was and at the same time  . 	1
you a lil freak and i love it girl!!!! do ya thang	0
hoseoks vocal tho im	0
craving chinese food	1
i know what you are referring to .  smh	0
i need food but that means getting out of bed & thats too much effort for my hungover self	1
had to break my no-painkillers streak of two years .  .  .  .  i am very upset	2
if sanè signs sterlings gonna be on the bench	1
jeezus ,  im lame i love it . 	0
thank you so much!!	0
not at all! its nice to see other people love kishi i completely agree ,  he seems like the sweetest boy	0
last night was so lit	1
i didnt mean it in a bad way ,  a lot of your tweets kinda sound the same .  love yo product tho	0
blockin someone period you big mad	0
i hope you wont try them at home	1
where to! ? 	5
haha true ,  i remember being at the game we lost 3-2 and he came on as a sub lets not talk about the rest	0
every time i go there i forget to get these damn popsicles	1
you think she yo girl but she tex us like dallas	0
i got a free ticket	0
honestly thank god its a half day i can come home and sleep	0
at least match your foundation to your skin if youre gunna talk shit	1
lol i dont think i could do it	1
can we just be on the beach in hawaii yet	1
bradly	0
my week is not complete if i dont attend church	0
so talented	1
its not a thread of questions i suck at it sorry	0
its not a thread of questions i suck at it sorry	1
do it for yourself ,  not the people . 	0
aint none of yall breaking the internet sit down	0
ni netflix puedo ver	1
yeah .  . pretty much what ive been doing too .  eat and sleep my social life away	1
you the biggest baby i know!!!	0
out na	0
if only i was able to keep a dog at my house ,  so i can start a little family with my baby	0
happy birthday ate mariane! stay fab!	0
my legs are too smooth not to touch them obsessively	0
i love audrey for being savage to some people whos lacking of knowledge . 	1
aah i see .  good thinking	0
thanks to my guy for washing my car & cleaning it out  , got it smelling good and put new mats down	0
slow ass sierra	1
hawn jee .  implementation needed	0
good night love love u soo much just love ur presence youre the reason im smiling sleep well take care	0
good night love love u soo much just love ur presence youre the reason im smiling sleep well take care	0
good night love love u soo much just love ur presence youre the reason im smiling sleep well take care	0
i never really have to go out ,  sabrina makes everything fun	0
so im guessin u kno more den me cuz u took the time to read the whole article huh ?  oh ok	0
awesome	0
how a four page letter can change your whole life .  .  .  #movingon	0
of course i will thanks	0
of course i will thanks	0
ouch sorry	1
but her skin tho	0
4th day of svhool	0
cant wait!	0
what ? 	1
its just so	0
im happy how my life is but i wouldnt mind going back and changing a few things	1
theyre gonna interview tori on the red carpet and ask what shes wearing .  bet yall she wont even know just like the grammys	0
the band legit looks like they want to kill themselves	5
ugh miss u so much gf but ily	0
ugh miss u so much gf but ily	0
+ + + mates =	0
new album ?  btw .  no way is so good	0
new video out go get hip	2
i be up for nothing really	1
i wear stripes a lot	0
today made me so happy	1
titanic is by far my favorite movie	0
how much ? 	0
can you be just that respectful	2
can you be just that respectful	4
getting made fun of from my bf for buying sardines theyre good lol	2
getting made fun of from my bf for buying sardines theyre good lol	4
awsome new as i absolutely love it at the nurburgring be great to go to both sprint & endurance round	0
im soo busy this summer i love it i got a job  ,  football and summer league basketball life looking good rn	0
im soo busy this summer i love it i got a job  ,  football and summer league basketball life looking good rn	0
im already knowing .  imma make it work with my shorty	0
i would post these pictures from today but their lowkey ugly	0
i put that lingo on her she was spanish	0
what happened ?  ? 	0
#phonefilms selfie	1
#phonefilms selfie	4
i want to go there fighting oppa i will aways support you . 	1
yes like i thought brooke was the main till recently brooke seems cool too i just hate when fandom sidelines main characters	1
i get so butthurt when people dont reply to me	1
hm get well soon my baby	1
overslept and missed my first class	0
#lgbtqhatestrumpparty this #  ,  im	0
and one bitch	0
im honestly so hyped for partner events this year in forensics man and i finna run it	1
christina grimmer	1
coffee and cookies	0
lovin this lazy day	0
ill be there in 3 weeks so theres that	0
california girls were unforgettable	0
dont know if these middle aged white women with england flags in their cars are racist or just football fans . 	1
thank you ,  i miss you too	0
got a raise	0
i love you nancy	0
yes love !! or else im .  not going	0
just wanna sing to someone & have a deep ,  lit ,  intellectual late night conversation in my car right now	1
mlrt ! yes cause i am always at work	1
whats wrong with married later ?  why hurry ? 	1
all the time	0
anyare curry	1
good morning papa ,  has an amazing day	0
you got lucky	0
i love you too	0
im so excited for tomorrow	1
i took 3 bags of clothes to platos closet and they only gave me $8 . 20	1
just ordered a shirt from wish it didnt take so long for uk delivery	1
boy ,  no ,  stop ,  dont comment on my photos	1
feel better  .  .  i miss you more  .  .  i was trynna get my old one back i just made a new one  .  . 	0
men killing men .  .  .  greed is an incredible sickness no ivory in the world could cure!	2
they need to hurry up and send him to this final camp	1
how am i suppose to lower my gaze when nick jonas keeps putting out new music videos iluhhim	0
bye bye london .  next stop ,  los angeles california	0
put it on my nightstand baby	0
toothaches a bitch	1
my laptop wont even download my quiz .   .   . must know im bout to fail	0
okay	0
thank u	0
never was a hoe  ,  never will be one i dont know how to be one	0
morning hubert ,  see you tomorrow too	0
no no no not you ,  lorac . 	0
dont wannnna get up	1
going through so much and smiling .  then this horrible dream .  it felt so real .  gosh	1
dont start	0
#callmeseb sebastian please call me it would mean the world to me please i love you so much x80	1
the new ui freezes twitter every 15 seconds its trash	2
this game is killing me	1
looks like my xbox elite controller not only has a wandering right stick but can’t maintain connection with a headset .  i’m just screwed	2
ima be tatted up	2
paying the price for my fadedness last night . 	1
i need to retweet this	0
lmao are you old enough to drink legally ?  happy birthday chloeeelovesyou	0
i cry about everything when i dont get my way	1
i finished watching my show on netflix idk what to watch now	1
hang on in there friend	0
rain!	0
oh god i feel for you its pretty humid here atm but we can deal bc theres still a breeze also random rainy days which-	0
lonely is the man without love	0
i cant be talking shit all day	1
im convinced det this man had tah make the film	0
i walked into a mall thinking it was going to be lame but i just found a salon that does hennas	5
skin getting tanned	0
my mood right now	0
you my nigga ,  ima fwy when im down there .  you just catch me when im broke	0
the new sem will be a challenging .  a lot of things had change ,  do prepare yourself mental n physically to face the challenge	0
he cooked him!!	3
time to argue	1
him dier cdm alli in the number 10 slot	0
oh thats a strange ice breaker ,  youre okay indy	0
i love the crowd and its chants so much right now #usmnt #copaamerica	0
good times binging tv and relaxing in the sun .  miss you bud	0
didnt leave work until late tonight  .  .  .  but the traffic was so much quieter .  home in half the time	0
i need an eyeshadow palette so bad	1
people sure do love ignoring me . 	0
i like the way you be freezin	0
my hand look so stupid with that one nail missing	2
my hand look so stupid with that one nail missing	4
this guy  ,  im not joking	0
this guy  ,  im not joking	0
my mom sister n i were having a young photoshoot right outside of vodaworld cant recall when last technology gassed us like that	0
wait .  .  bc you really can rt your own tweets	0
when you walking out of the office and the receptionist says "i just transferred a call to you ,  what do i do ? " idk but im out!	0
fucking sket	2
no reason for me to put my phone on dnd ion get no texts!	0
hi girls! sorry ni for guy only i tlg promote je	0
nlc classify is up .  statuscode=200 , responseisvalid=true , responsetime=1629	0
im moving house and i just threw out my standee ,  im all grown up now	3
im moving house and i just threw out my standee ,  im all grown up now	5
love when jose sleepsover	0
definitely	0
mrs .  thomas	0
when your friend comes over with his girl and u get flashbacks of last	2
thanks brandino	0
no i dont like you i just thought you were cool enough to kick it	0
thanks im glad you enjoyed it shame about saturdays rain but we had a great time regardless .  roll on 2017	0
could barely find 3 to help with the job at hand	3
bye gtec of tempeps	0
i wanna go to the movies	2
i wanna go to the movies	4
love you too babe	0
so liked my tweet .  .  .  again .  one hi and im good	0
sometimes i wish i had a boyfriend or just someone to talk to	1
my brother would do me like that until i snapped dawg .  seriously siblings make you crazy	1
food snapper	0
finally humpty got his dulhania:crying_face::crying_face:its #hskd again	0
finally humpty got his dulhania:crying_face::crying_face:its #hskd again	0
finally humpty got his dulhania:crying_face::crying_face:its #hskd again	0
when you gotta cut off a girl to make your girl happy .  but the girl cool af and you just cant stop responding to their messages	1
 . @hexecutioner404 isnt exactly adding to the sum of human knowledge .  his iq is clearly in single digits	0
 . @hexecutioner404 isnt exactly adding to the sum of human knowledge .  his iq is clearly in single digits	0
thanks girly	0
r . i . p .  stephen you was family and always wanted a hug from me	2
r . i . p .  stephen you was family and always wanted a hug from me	4
r . i . p .  stephen you was family and always wanted a hug from me	1
thanks dude!	0
what a lovely day	0
thanks	0
thank you	0
making a lot of progress	0
obj cousin trying to enter the nfl he can bench 225 ,  42 reps .  .  he trying to be a running back	3
obj cousin trying to enter the nfl he can bench 225 ,  42 reps .  .  he trying to be a running back	5
so i just came back from disney to find out kim k and kanye were also at disney today .  .  .  excuse me! ? 	1
dont expect anything and you will never be disappointed	0
happy birthday i miss you sososo much hang soon please hope your day is as perfect as you	0
happy birthday i miss you sososo much hang soon please hope your day is as perfect as you	0
happy birthday i miss you sososo much hang soon please hope your day is as perfect as you	1
dnt be stupid find out who you fn with son ,  befor we find out where ya get her hair n nails done	0
do you have a boyfriend ?  no she cant attract anyone and im very sad i wont ever have a brother in-law shes 6	0
this remix	1
do you want me to turn my radio down ?  its a bit noisy ,  i know . 	0
i know you just seen what curry did	0
maybe .  .  i am free after 5 on friday	0
this heat is critical	1
i cant sleep now i hate you guys	1
i cant sleep now i hate you guys	1
when im mad i tend to say things i dont mean	2
when im mad i tend to say things i dont mean	4
want to start my whole entire life over:double_exclamation_mark:️	2
want to start my whole entire life over:double_exclamation_mark:️	4
my back hurts so bad and it was only the first day of practice	0
so sad	1
damn! what even ? ! #gameofthrones	5
man check this out i will never beg nobody to fwm that shit was never that serious	0
no okay ill go alone	1
am sure merong digital copy stored sa cloud somewhere	0
the title is "arabian knights" how did it become "canadian knights" ? ! lol	0
im really in tha bed tonight	0
my mom refers to everyone as my "lil friend"	0
oh come on you need no help .  your humour is just in a different level .  i cant .  haha . 	0
leave her alone ,  she had a rough day!!	0
breasts them tender nf	4
its just another sunday morning ,  nothing special #idontdofathersday #sunday	4
thats our favorite line too! frank to chinggay . 	0
craving ice cream ,  crystal wya ? 	0
just up still	1
thanks tyler	0
yeah that would be so cool	0
lips still hurt	1
just chill ค่ะ	0
good morning world!	0
i went ahead and ate some too	0
it sounded like an african name	0
this is going to be the longest two weeks of my life	1
only if i wasnt already too high i probably wouldve rolled a wood but i think a blunt will do me right	0
only if i wasnt already too high i probably wouldve rolled a wood but i think a blunt will do me right	1
ace cant wait to see you and maybe i missed you a lil also	0
i cant my brush since wednesday and be struggling i need to get another one	1
im pretty sure i got someone sick yesterday .  .  . as long as it wasnt spike we good	0
sna si maine and alden mag trumpets together #aldubebtrumpets	0
i was a little bit scared at the first time ,  but i really enjoyed it during the second it was really stunning	0
hold up ,  there were new scenes in the encore showing of lemonade ?  anyone got links ? 	1
hold up ,  there were new scenes in the encore showing of lemonade ?  anyone got links ? 	5
lol lol no surprises and no danger i promise  .  300 itiz	0
damn it ,  why am i always spelling stuff wrong *hello win column	0
am pleased to hear that	0
spain or italy would be ill	3
eww thats nasty lol	0
how did we become so distant ?  like im the one to blame & youre innocent	1
baaaaaae nah lol you coo asf we use to text everyday but you forgot about me lol	0
baaaaaae nah lol you coo asf we use to text everyday but you forgot about me lol	0
baaaaaae nah lol you coo asf we use to text everyday but you forgot about me lol	0
baaaaaae nah lol you coo asf we use to text everyday but you forgot about me lol	0
baaaaaae nah lol you coo asf we use to text everyday but you forgot about me lol	1
in need of a straightener but im stuck in an apartment occupied by four dudes ,  so probably not going to happen	2
in need of a straightener but im stuck in an apartment occupied by four dudes ,  so probably not going to happen	4
few more emojis	0
nigga u showin everybody u run yo mouth like a bitch hahah	0
too down	0
how in the world did u get $25 for it	0
twitter too quick with the memes .  making them hoes in between commercials	1
i think im going through this funk where im over everything	1
at all! smh we gotta do better about these things	0
girls night out tonight!	2
i know	1
every sunday my mom wakes me up 2-3 hours before church start but is always the last one ready	2
every sunday my mom wakes me up 2-3 hours before church start but is always the last one ready	4
but varun yahan bhi dishoom ?  i know promotion karna aapko bohot passand hai keep it up my boy	0
but varun yahan bhi dishoom ?  i know promotion karna aapko bohot passand hai keep it up my boy	0
lmao  , but i dont fold	0
didnt even win sat morning 1st division	0
had fun last night .  *insert robertson*	0
didnt need it . 	0
its nice when you have fridays off	0
always	0
shes just 22 .  how could you end someones life then kill yourself after ? 	2
shes just 22 .  how could you end someones life then kill yourself after ? 	5
i want to go to chicago ,  just to go back to the sugar factory	0
haha sorry darling .  .  lifes been a lil hectic lately .  i promise to be here more often	0
keep fucking with folks niggas if you want to yall gone learn one day	0
youre very welcome!	0
- thank u!	0
miss you more	0
thats so far oh my anyone that sells around kampala ? 	2
thats so far oh my anyone that sells around kampala ? 	5
spot on ,  was getting worried there	0
whoa ,  thats awesome!	3
offer black people somethin for free watch how fast they come	0
so sad whats this fucking world  ? 	1
waiting for fajr ,  my eyes are burning right now	1
overnights getting hard	1
6 days walang twitter	3
6 days walang twitter	5
gotta get my hair & nails done tomorrow or saturday .  .  cause if i dont wont nobody see me on the 4th .  .  family & all	0
ok ok	0
yeah - another brilliant decision by sepp blatter think there will be a canny few tickets left for russia 2018	5
i need piercings	1
a lot of nightmares still 1 month for my result  .  .  .  how could i live until that moment trying to not care  .  .  .  #imfine #imfine	1
count me in! followed and happily retweeted ,  thank you for the chance fingers crossed .  x #datacel	0
they hate that	0
maybe	0
i hate stay up at night alone cause just leads to me overthinking everything	1
i have no reason to lie to a dude i dont lie when im in a relationship so why i gotta lie to you and im single asf	0
i know	1
my mom needs stop spoiling us	1
all im trynna say is ,  dont catch aids trynna make me jealous yadigg ? 	0
fr i aint even notice that !	0
currently feeling guilty	1
at least youll have the tennis to focus on .  and that awful new nike dress .  and umpire mo lots of distractions . 	0
so sad dont blame yourself hun like whats been said hes not in pain anymore and hes with my lady she will look after him	1
do boys not realise that when a girl ignores u it means she doesnt wanna talk ,  not meaning she wants to get spammed question marks	0
yesterday i realized .  .  .  being alone and thinking is a devils workshop	1
yesterday i realized .  .  .  being alone and thinking is a devils workshop	1
yes i had put it on snap but guess you didnt see it lol we finished it so quick!! thanks again	0
definitely	0
so so cute	0
youll be a stupid ass if you ever let me go for some hoes cause im the best im the one thats gone always be here	0
can i come down when his up i miss him	0
gotta love when you miss a spot with the sunscreen .  .  .  .  #whitegirlproblems	2
gotta love when you miss a spot with the sunscreen .  .  .  .  #whitegirlproblems	4
this so the john winchester haters can see the truth about john and how he wasnt a bad father! ht…	1
getting a headache	1
wassup	0
close the door of failures but do not forget to open the window of hope	0
lol i swear my boss hates me .  he stays giving me closing shifts 12 to 8 today	0
lol i swear my boss hates me .  he stays giving me closing shifts 12 to 8 today	1
i got her friend we fck around she lemme in i dick her dwn	2
see you on monday hehe .  miss u more!!	0
yes baby	0
╭━★━╯retweet ╰★➀★╮ ╭━★━╯follow all who ╰★➁★╮ ╭━★━╯followback ╰★➂★╮ ╭━★━╯gain with #mgwv ╰★➃★╮ ╭━★━╯follow ☞	0
i miss you so much	1
that was one time just wait till we play again young blood	2
that was one time just wait till we play again young blood	4
happy birthday pretty	0
ugh lucky that sounds fun	0
really fancy some milky bar buttons	0
or gets mad that im playing pong with their boyfriend like girl  ,  i dont want him	0
tt baby on his wayyyy	1
poor sam ! he was in the bloody wrong  .  .  .  get over it  .  .  .  what a tit	1
i cant handle my life right now .  i want to rewatch oitnb to get ready for friday but i forgot wentworth is back on in australia	1
crazy part about life is that its already written	1
*flips table* someone just spoiled part of oitnb for me	1
- never seen you on my tl before but you pretty i like your pictures to	0
baby tady got me up	1
ill try to make an appearance	0
there are silences that speak and words that say nothing . 	0
graduation party tomorrow	0
i certainly did not	0
i love this! we were the cutest	0
yall bitches 16 17 & 18 having "baby fever" what the hell yall got going on	0
i miss my best friend thats my baby fr yall wouldnt even understand ill kill for	1
i miss my best friend thats my baby fr yall wouldnt even understand ill kill for	4
in need of a vacation	1
i forgot to go to the moma	1
you know ion fw fathers day	1
earphones in volumes then ignore the world and eacape those problems	0
i can hardly wait for the fantastic giveaway my fingers r xtra crossed! i these pens ,  i need a set so badly!!	0
guess what im eating	0
its nearly the end of the week .  thats all the #wednesdaywisdom you need!	0
haha .  its true	0
i cant watch beauty gurus for everyday makeup because they have 10+ items and all i have is foundation	1
i love how me and my boyfriend spoil each other	0
oh my god jordan thats terrifying i hope ur ok	1
someone go with me to the wizarding world of harry potter	1
walk you down the aisle like im yo daddy	0
real richmond	0
you mean emma jk	0
that depends ,  cynths	0
thanks	2
thanks	4
so happy to have my babies . 	0
tnx got ur message	0
awww i miss you too and everyone ,  like 16 more days	0
awww i miss you too and everyone ,  like 16 more days	1
dont look at my twitter for clues im a happy bitch & my life is stupendous	2
dont look at my twitter for clues im a happy bitch & my life is stupendous	4
i really get no days off with this job	4
titanic never gets old i love u leo	1
all you gotta do is ask	0
aaaaaaaand .  .  . relax had me howling tonight .  my girls got banter for days .  #stilllaughing	0
uh huh ! i really love them all	0
i hate the penguins .  .  .  dammit sharks	1
wassupp #1	1
commentator said mccauley and evans were magnificent today pride of the midlands #wba	0
help support my godmommy and a black owned business!	0
i hate you so much i had to buy an overpriced one	1
except for the burger part	0
you were always full of joy on the tills	0
omg did tanner kloven really said that justins an idiot ?  ?  ?  that would be a mess lol . 	5
i really want to try the new sunset menu	0
alright	0
thats what you get for not calling that foul	0
#ridewithnormanreedus im loving this show " you *fn* peeper ,  you peeper" love it	0
#ridewithnormanreedus im loving this show " you *fn* peeper ,  you peeper" love it	0
really worried about having to make this game 7 vs .  #gameofthrones decision tomorrow night . 	1
so i have nothing to do on my birthday	0
ive been to the gym four times in less than a week and played a game of netball and feel no different why am i so impatient ? !	4
so excited for tomorrow!	0
smoke sesh ruined by the rain	1
i just notice i will be at work when bet life of ciara comes on damn yall keep me posted tomorrow	2
i just notice i will be at work when bet life of ciara comes on damn yall keep me posted tomorrow	4
i cant deal with this right now	0
these stupid people got me here two hours early for no reason	2
these stupid people got me here two hours early for no reason	4
6 round . 	0
couldnt sleep	1
its hoodie weather	0
you slacking ,  where the songs at ? 	0
im wide awake!	0
ill be there shifty ,  dont worry	0
you remind me is my favorite r kelly song simply b/c i have a jeep	1
woke up good asf till someone ruined it	4
mama made shrimp and sausage spaghetti	0
happy birthday	0
i miss my friends	1
just cuz im not showin interest doesnt mean im not necessarily uninterested ,  might just be playin it cool	0
i got you you gone hate lames	0
happy birthday you cutie!!! miss you	0
i always wondered what the lyrics to that music were!	0
someones always gatta fuck up my night	2
someones always gatta fuck up my night	4
say it back	4
lmao im so over mfs	0
screwed ,  or screwed-er	1
happy birthday	0
#ripchristinagrimmie then #orlandoshooting humanity at its worst	1
#ripchristinagrimmie then #orlandoshooting humanity at its worst	1
#ripchristinagrimmie then #orlandoshooting humanity at its worst	4
but yo .  .  .  .  .  july 16th .  maison mercer .  day party .  all white .  hosted/set by sonny digital bout to be on some next shit . 	1
to each is own lol .  prob was slick turnt though	0
lol yea .  i looked at yo like "nigga ,  who tf was that" said that shit always be happening	0
now twitter #budakbarunkup #ajariaku	0
2 weeks tomorrow im having a short holiday for a week .  cant wait	0
im about to tweet something that has nothing to do with celebrities or anything so if u have a problem with that unfollow me now	0
it must b difficult seeing someone manage what u struggle to	1
lol bro i was literally thinkin the same thing lookin at this pic	0
ill just surprise you	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x58 , 660	0
ive never beer so tired on a weekend	1
with how thick your glasses are .   .  .  thanks . 	1
with how thick your glasses are .   .  .  thanks . 	1
put his ass to sleep	0
me during my lemonade i aint thinking bout you! me ,  currently ,  in my dangerous woman im just thinking bout…	0
today the third task of the triwizard tournament happened in 1995	1
trying to learn snapchap .  i think im failing ,  going to need my teenage daughter to help me . 	0
is a savage on snapchat	0
happy bday to my fake cousin papo	0
red red wine	0
this is going to be an easy ,  relaxed night then	0
btw its day no .  562 not 561	0
rihanna is a real ass nigga	0
never lying	0
who knew a parking lot with poor drainage could be so picturesque!	0
i would love to have someone who can dance with me like no one is watching	0
lmao yeah that made me not like the car	0
good luck for todays ticket selling! see you next week! will pray for you (++ your squad)	0
good luck for todays ticket selling! see you next week! will pray for you (++ your squad)	0
i dont have one	1
or you got friends	2
stop right there honey you can do better	0
now people are going to start blaming islam & whos going to benefit out of this ?  stupid trump .  i dont even wanna watch the news #orlando	2
so sweet!	0
argh her voice!!! i cannot stand	2
who won #e32016  ? 	5
everything i want all in a 13 inch radius	0
lmaoooo no no no you guys better win all your games ! or im walking on you guys	0
boarding pass sorry	0
or you hit it	2
or you hit it	4
thank you for pointing this out to me! nachos best meal ever	3
thank you for pointing this out to me! nachos best meal ever	5
today is going to be a long day .  im so damn tired .  jesus ,  be with me . 	1
im reading so much on this vacation like wtf and there all manga and fanfictions	0
are you thinking what im thinking	0
like whybwould someone sue anotherbperson for fucking gfx gtfo newbz	0
if i dont stop waking up from these wild ass dreams every morning	2
if i dont stop waking up from these wild ass dreams every morning	4
when i say i work lot of ot i work ot ! i did double shifts 2 times	1
why oomf soo fine ? 	0
youre welcome and thank you!	0
today been real bad for me	1
ughhhhh why like seriously	1
zayn leaving ,  harry leaving ,  parents fighting ,  what the actual flip	1
bestfriends	0
working a 16 hour shift currently and closing at 2am .  && just found out i have to open on fathers day . 	1
today was .  .  . fine	2
today was .  .  . fine	4
need a man who will hold my hand while i get waxed	0
crying because i got my check its been so long	1
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x59 , 902	0
that modric goal is scary another contender for goal of the tournament wow wow wow #euro2016	1
that modric goal is scary another contender for goal of the tournament wow wow wow #euro2016	0
that modric goal is scary another contender for goal of the tournament wow wow wow #euro2016	1
i womens pathos morning and my phone was off the charger	2
i womens pathos morning and my phone was off the charger	4
i womens pathos morning and my phone was off the charger	1
hayyyysttt	1
miss you too! miss yall	4
she asked tyson did his dick curve or not i fucking died  .  she use to be like them hoes got you fucked up bae	0
when me and all my brothers are together theres bound to be some type of argument	0
why cant people just understand people  ,  were all human right	1
its only right & i love you more  . 	0
thanks bruh	0
almost passed out last night	2
almost passed out last night	4
thank you	0
happiness is having fast wifi	0
once i wake up i can never fall back asleep lol like its not the same	1
loving your snapchats and also happy birthday	0
let a bearded black man love all up on your neck tonight	0
- ion know u be i be seeing ya around	0
i swear niggas aint fucking with my old raps	0
just when things were supposed to get better they got worse	1
i wasnt ready! snort laughed!!!	0
lol yep!	0
ooops .  .  im stupid fr	0
idk if i should rt this since i follow him	1
feels good to be home after spending 13 hours in a car	0
miss you!	0
youve got it cause youre a bad ass and a hell of a good worker and i will ,  just about a month left	0
nuhh coz pimple attacked me and its damn terrible	2
nuhh coz pimple attacked me and its damn terrible	4
happy 50th and counting stay strong! stay inlove #aldubgoldenweeksary	0
thanks	0
cool pics my friend have a wonderful day	0
cpr certified	0
hey fam its been a while yoe	1
hey fam its been a while yoe	4
x miget ass imy girl but you qt	0
x miget ass imy girl but you qt	0
yeezzzuzzzz i wanna be with my girl and get real wasted	1
i wish i could snuggle right now	0
when you dropping that	2
very hot but windy today .  im like a lobster already . 	0
nialler	0
thats the only thing	0
would you ever let someone put meat on your face ?  wellllll me and *looks at each other co…	0
no you gotta get the minute maid strawberry lemonade for the house girllllll its sooo mf good we get three at one time	0
| good morning tho	0
| good morning tho	0
| good morning tho	0
| good morning tho	0
and thats the allison we know and love! ps please consider doing a book review video soon ?  i love those . 	0
i have 10! and 2 that should be arriving today to make it 12 rose tyler & rachel green	0
i have 10! and 2 that should be arriving today to make it 12 rose tyler & rachel green	0
days like this i just kinda miss my cutie pie	1
ellies food baby is an actual baby	0
domtrick	0
im smack him	0
she already did in my tummy and i didnt know she was in there shes lucky to have you and to teach her!	0
thank you kindly	0
see ya big d! its been fun! love my job! #makingmoves	0
bruh gtfffoooo	1
42nd president and soon to be (hopefully) first man of the united states ,  william jefferson clinton . 	0
im retarded ?  cuz i know good music ?  yours isnt good for shit	0
so very heartbroken for the family who lost their child to the alligator at disney world	1
you are stunning girl	0
oh whos your favorite magcon boy ? 	0
this mf really almost tossed her ass over that balcony	3
this mf really almost tossed her ass over that balcony	5
glad im not going parklife	1
had to scroll on google for a lil minute	0
its like taking a dump and wiping the unseen of your crevices with pounds . 	0
if someone has a problem with me ,  say it to my face and not behind my back	0
nahh my preeing skills are deadly omds	1
you bad and you know it dont you she always say "boy you know i dont want you"	0
good point .  ill ready some acid just to be sure	4
were is past tense look it up	0
birdsong is one of the sweetest sounds glad youre there safely x	0
still creasing at the fact my step dad telt the police he was go piss in their letter box yesterday	0
love being ignored	0
i hate a clown ass nigga	1
sorry	0
i wanna go to the lake	1
howd you get 7	0
bitches come and go and so dont trip	0
naw thanks .  .  .  . its a realistic goal just going to take some time haha .  .  . expensive move hope your holidays started well	0
naw thanks .  .  .  . its a realistic goal just going to take some time haha .  .  . expensive move hope your holidays started well	0
s/o to babe for the vegas bombs	0
got my appointment for today im nervous	3
got my appointment for today im nervous	5
anybody have any #bingeworthy shows that they suggest ? ! im looking for something new! #twdfamily #netflix #obsessed #bored	0
exactly .  that shit childish	0
can my new flex look like tinie tempah	1
madam kindly check ur dm hope youre doing well! busy bee you!	0
madam kindly check ur dm hope youre doing well! busy bee you!	0
its such a struggle to get tan	0
told that fool he shouldve been in orlando the night of the shooting instead of fuckin with me .  .  with his urgent ass	2
told that fool he shouldve been in orlando the night of the shooting instead of fuckin with me .  .  with his urgent ass	5
drunk lad banter is what i live for	0
should i buy devil album again ? 	0
4 days concert in seoul ? 	1
im 100% norm	0
our great record setting season comes to an end .  .  . 	1
fk you found out marlin dies huh	1
anyway just spoke to someone on the phone & they tried shortening my name  .  .  .  "alright ga" u wana shorted 4 letters ? 	1
rt urself non	0
so im a member of nextdoor ,  which is a neighborhood site n one of my neighbors giving away a used mattress #imgood	0
its crazy seeing how grown up my niece and nephew are so beautiful	0
thats not why im texting you	0
good morning	0
incredibly busy! so much writing to do ,  so little time . 	0
missing my friends and family a lot today	1
u aint neva had him like i got him so move tf around lil bishhhhhh	0
thank you	0
i am in melbourne airport .  not overly impressed with t2 ,  to be honest .  .  . 	1
we can figure out some stuff	0
dreading work tomorrow . 	2
dreading work tomorrow . 	4
i cant wait to dye my hair	0
i just woke up bc i dozed off to sleep as soon as i got home . 	0
i dread doing cardio so much	4
thank you sweet boy	0
thank you it means so much xxx 5 people didnt like it though ik it happens but ive never got so many so .  .  . 	1
thank you it means so much xxx 5 people didnt like it though ik it happens but ive never got so many so .  .  . 	0
lmao at vanilla wafer and idk i just dont like ayesha that much lmao	0
s/o to my 10yr rcg blood brother enjoy your day bro! keep taking	2
adam has done nothing but take care of me since i got sick and honestly i couldnt be luckier with him	0
more cat killers ?  ?  why	1
girls are very confusing	0
i want free tickets omg im trying guys #tlgonedge	0
try having 4	1
hi kats! followback	0
hi kats! followback	0
hi kats! followback	0
im always cleaning	1
yessss get in !!!! #eng what spirit ,  what a game ,  and job well done #togetherforengland #comeonengland	0
get me on holiday ,  cant stand this br[shit]ish weather	1
that is enough about brexit for today already! i have a holiday to sort out for focus on the good plans	0
that is enough about brexit for today already! i have a holiday to sort out for focus on the good plans	0
he went to sleep . 	1
50 cent got the best song i heard this year	0
licking and sucking toes will neva be hot like plz dont go there	1
pigs are flying! i heard a song first! haha if i told you - darius rucker	0
miss u	1
wed love to help in any way we can .  are you deleting it from your uploads library or from the design ?  ^eb	0
patiently waiting for #amazonprime to stream as soon after midnight as they decide!!	2
yay ,  good to hear!	0
ohhhhhh !!!!! single time!!! no words!!! genius!!!!	1
ohhhhhh !!!!! single time!!! no words!!! genius!!!!	1
on my life	1
i went see conjuring2 and now dequane have me paranoid !!	1
good looking bunch of dogs .  how warm was it there today ? 	0
not acknowledging anything that involves an "ex" .  in my head i dont even have them	0
cant find the right words to tell how beautiful you are  .  you should be a star .  love ur pics	0
tell him i said thank you!!	0
phew! you amazing! anyone knows that and you often look so different ,  so it can only be interesting for us all	0
phew! you amazing! anyone knows that and you often look so different ,  so it can only be interesting for us all	0
i love traveling but i hate packing . 	2
my shawty so underrated  ,  look what yo mama created	0
good bye	0
play safe!	0
it doesnt sound motivating at all	0
omm i could ruin somebodys relationship tonight but im not that petty	1
going to get my nose pierced again tomorrow	0
blake lively is so freakin pretty	1
i miss you	0
i know well not too me	0
if all goes to plan #superexcited #cantbloodywait	0
ha! we are masochists!	0
fuuuck i hate my birthday gonna hide in a corner now	1
follow me ill send u pizza	0
i wonder if the #2fat2chocobo is still available today at the #e32016 i dont mind taking the seat	0
i am indeed .  .  .  quality tunes is me!	0
i just want my headphones	1
shopping puts me in such a good mood	0
sis ,  how you gon let mama out slay you ? 	1
forgot i have class in the morning	1
shit got me thinking	1
the titles arent noticeable amid the right old noise they make! they are really good though .  trust me	0
i wanna go practice my kicking but i have nobody to hold it for me	0
strong personality turns me on	0
i did that too	0
i had posted a picture of his car with the front plate that said i think maaahk and stupid me i tagged him in it	0
watching you on #rhomelbourne on itvbe in uk at the mo ,  loving the one liners gina!	0
i dont want nobody fucking w . me thats all  ,  im real defensive	2
i dont want nobody fucking w . me thats all  ,  im real defensive	4
currently having a music shoot on snapchat lol	1
my moms face when i was telling her all about my night in chicago was priceless #sorrymom	0
mya is so mad	0
gone for the plain ones again i see	0
gone for the plain ones again i see	0
you kidding me ,  i was one kill off nuke	0
hmmmm marriage topic kwi first date ? 	3
hmmmm marriage topic kwi first date ? 	5
omg!!! can you imagine ?  ? 	0
somebody gon beat lebron up	0
sadderdays	1
why are all my chicken nuggets stale	1
thanks syaza	0
he must have worked so hard i hope hes doing well	1
always your partner in crime i miss telling you my every problem ,  i feel lost .  this life aint for you	1
thank you so much dbxvfjisba	0
from me to who ? 	0
im not sitting next to her tho .  last time i got scratched and punched . 	1
simone gotta be the funniest nigga i know	0
a big part of me wishes at 11 years old you would have shown up to the bar listening to that trying to find trouble	0
it was suppose to rain today wth	1
thats clean bruh	0
miss my baby	1
getting married six weeks today .  suit dress venue ceremony reception cars guests just need in-laws to arrive from cali!	0
i have the worst migraines every night!	1
i have the worst migraines every night!	4
whats your beef with the animal lovers	0
at least it would make a long word	0
and thats all i have to say about that!	0
no channel	0
this nigga said i wanna see you & i said watch my snapchat !	0
did you forget about your #askgina ? 	0
been waiting three years for graduation and now its tomorrow  .  . 	3
been waiting three years for graduation and now its tomorrow  .  . 	5
*whispers* bruce ,  but now thats all blown	0
i love your eyes very beautiful	0
teala please #tealafollowme	1
wassup w you	2
wassup w you	5
im taking the time to say thank you to my recent followers ,  so thank you!	0
ctfu u think so imma pump da fuck out his athletic ass and run right between his legs for da layup	0
no thank you! xx	0
how can you describe your french fans  ? 	0
ecuador deserved it more man	1
he like shit put on some music ,  im like tf who has sex to music anymore ,  aint did that shit since i was in high school maybe college	3
he like shit put on some music ,  im like tf who has sex to music anymore ,  aint did that shit since i was in high school maybe college	5
thats dedication	0
i need to go to the nail shop	1
so hyped for tmmrw	0
my cousin told me i get to go on her party bus for her wedding in september	0
getting my life together! .  .  .  i am about to be everything they said i wouldnt be	0
im just so tired ill just crash for today .  bye world	1
10 fasts down already #ramadan2016 #timeflies	5
he soo damn cute and his swagg is soo official	0
so excited to run with hopefully i lose her	0
no!! it needs to stop #fixchappedlips2016	0
she ungrateful ,  she want a babysitter & transportation . !	0
ive been too lazy to go to the car wash so my friends drew dicks on my car and call it the dick mobile so now i kinda have to go wash it . 	0
dude my heart hurts man . 	0
wonwoos image is an old one huhuhu hes so sick he cant attend the photoshoot . 	1
nigga what do you want	1
idc idc i love weed	1
i cnt even do nun about it	1
i be so tired of lil-homieing u niggaz	2
i be so tired of lil-homieing u niggaz	4
im so blessed in my	0
thats how you feeling today lol  ?  well ima keep it g when i was in high school matice is/was bad dab ! no f…	0
well at least i know i tried .  all you can do is ask the worst is theyll say no or nothing at all which in return is still a no	0
1 hr left and then gym	0
you gotta step it up girl	0
i cant believe that almost i have eighteen and do not know how to feel #18	3
waking up with a headache is the worst	1
kevin owens is fucking brilliant	0
thats because you own a mirror loz .  .  . smooth as fuck!!	0
no need scared la hahaha sure ace confirm!	0
flirting is not my thing	1
would be great for me i dont eat meat so spices up the presentation and no waste	0
my uncle automatically hands me a beer when i go over and thats why hes my favorite	0
only in the first hour of #smtpioneering and ive already got my first action	0
i guess im banned from speaking and texting on xbox for bad behavior	0
its funny that cle only chance at winning is if lebron play all 48 mins	0
south of united states silly	0
its not ruined my day ,  but thanks anyway . 	0
i was on my way 2 work .  at 1st ,  i thought it was a hoax .  needless 2 say ,  not much work got done that night .  #t…	1
i was on my way 2 work .  at 1st ,  i thought it was a hoax .  needless 2 say ,  not much work got done that night .  #t…	1
i need pictures like that	1
jermiah vocals is everything	0
cancers slowly approaching	2
at this rate my 2 wks will become 1 month based on all i want to at while there	0
"germany has been facing thunderstorms and sudden drops in temperature for months .  peoplere dying in floods and mudslides . " its summer!	5
loving my summer so far	0
eat it up like hot fries at lunch time	0
like broooooooo he was everything literally  .  .  .  my dumb	0
like broooooooo he was everything literally  .  .  .  my dumb	2
like broooooooo he was everything literally  .  .  .  my dumb	4
like broooooooo he was everything literally  .  .  .  my dumb	1
i want a frappe or some icecream	1
took me a moment to realize you changed your un /lol/ but well done ,  sweetie ,  thanks for sharing with us	0
my fingers hurt from playing video games all day	1
"you little fuck bitch"	0
hende telege	0
welcome i dont have any nice selca lmao	0
welcome i dont have any nice selca lmao	0
somewhere down the line someones going to eat a really really horrible sandwich! #wrongmayo	0
i cant be eating this late but im finna cook me something	1
the stuff you see on twitter	0
see above tweet my edit .  .  i forgot to tag	0
my roommates are the greatest . 	0
i wish irene had twitter so that we can tweet her our messages	1
twitter dry  .  .  fb ,  snap ,  ig & my phone	1
should have placed that bet .  .  now i just feel sad first team ever to come back from 3-1 down in finals .  fair play chavs	1
will always love him tho	0
nerves are kicking in now #coybig #euro2016	0
tyson fury running scared	0
im into him	1
can we get an "awesome " to complete our amazing holiday in nyc ? 	0
my bob sits	0
oh god yes . 	0
im so down and yes ,  but ill be there for all the rest of it	0
good ting i can ice skate	0
hence why i said plymouth	0
nice!	0
new crucible features  .  .  .  could this mean custom games ?  reworked netcode ?  dedicated servers ?  i know i know ,  im a dreamer	1
thank you	0
yes good day thanks carole ! love my role in life dont think i could be or do anything else love my firm & team  . 	0
kelly brook	0
what the hell	0
i feels naked- mums fault sed to groomer short as u can & i was scalped!	0
i feels naked- mums fault sed to groomer short as u can & i was scalped!	0
i feels naked- mums fault sed to groomer short as u can & i was scalped!	2
i feels naked- mums fault sed to groomer short as u can & i was scalped!	5
sure team #backtoschool	0
cougar!	0
ok lol goodnight	0
see when you buy a football top and get a name printed on the back and have to pay per letter i bet schweinsteiger costs a fortune	0
omg thanks so much ill make sure to download it when i get home	0
omg thanks so much ill make sure to download it when i get home	1
really pumped for this indians vs .  yankees game	0
literally i think about him all day	0
if i take you on a date & paid ,  you have to say thank you for a week	0
happy birthday have a good one!	0
happy birthday have a good one!	0
ew .  cut it out ,  you probably know who it is too cause you know everybody around here	0
dont let me go . 	1
dont let me go . 	4
its hella hot outside but im cuddled up with blankets bc of how cold my room is	0
going be hype tomorrow	1
can i come weekend today  ? 	0
dawg .  i looked so ugly the day of our probate .  my god	1
how is it #nationalsunglassesday but there is no sun	2
how is it #nationalsunglassesday but there is no sun	4
awww thanks sweetheart don broco is following people now ,  just try it	0
i never needed niggas ever	0
ardido donde	0
there is self-retweet ?  well ,  everyone will use that and i know it #1dwearestillhere	0
man im getting hot	2
we have them on legit every corner pretty much	0
// my mf cousin you a gay bitch but i love you boo	0
// my mf cousin you a gay bitch but i love you boo	0
that crown had me feeling right last night	0
i think your blog will be really cool!!! good luck with it	0
i love when i grow out my eyebrows and then do em again	0
classy ,  gorgeous and kind as always .  wish i was in paris today though see you monday	0
i just want one full day of sleep	1
twitter is not the same as it was in 2012!	0
gimme more	1
i miss being home so bad .  atlanta is where my heart is	1
same to you guys	0
every few months we chase up where the status is on improving connections .  still nothing ,  so frustrating	1
if u can bag my bitch u can have my bitch	0
whos down to take me to see finding dory	0
one minute i want a relationship the next i just want to be left alone but in reality all i want is a sugar daddy	0
always a weird moment when you run into your exs grandpa at a gas station	0
tmrrws a brand new day	0
england and its goalkeepers	0
im definitely the jealous type if we date i should be the only girl getting you attention period . 	0
its stored away . 	0
ill wager a bit on a dance off that would be bostin . 	0
ill wager a bit on a dance off that would be bostin . 	0
just like your wife	0
what would you like to see morf ?  pictures please . 	0
lmfaoo hell yeah	2
the only one im happy for is kyrie	1
really ?  might try tonight after the gig!	0
but then again you give no fucks	0
i hate coming to the gym and forgetting my headphones	1
up thinking	1
who ever wrote the year that is 2016 you are one sick sadistic s . o . b	2
i doubt your as scared as me .  i was watching this new show called dead of summer and i kept covering my eyes	2
i doubt your as scared as me .  i was watching this new show called dead of summer and i kept covering my eyes	4
apparently baked beans is a big thing for breakfast here #oxford	0
if you get the chance visit den gamla by and the art museum ,  both special examples of their breeds!	0
let barnes shoot all day	0
holiday blues	1
ssh ,  dont put him off	0
its like ion know how to be a hoe no more	1
dropped	0
my baby cousin is like 4 and when i look at her she always says "youre ugly" booboo ,  i been already known dat .  bye	0
the scorch trials is on tv now	0
why do i agree to work on my days off rough doesnt even cut it	1
why do i agree to work on my days off rough doesnt even cut it	4
waist getting slimmer	0
kyrie 4 years younger than curry ,  he bout to be a problem very soon	0
fantastic!	0
stayin down & stackin up	0
we sent a copy to but we never heard back	1
like 4 a dm	0
tw post �:smiling_face:️	0
tw post �:smiling_face:️	0
tw post �:smiling_face:️	0
tw post �:smiling_face:️	1
tw post �:smiling_face:️	4
tw post �:smiling_face:️	0
tw post �:smiling_face:️	0
i had to get a new battery	2
i had to get a new battery	4
cant take twitter seriously	0
sssh dont expose me birthday cutie	0
steak omelette	0
we miss you too	1
you gone be having gas money  ?  naww kidding you already know	0
like to be mentioned next must have my notifs on	0
i find out everything without even trying	0
officially bowing out and heading to bed .  headache 1 .  me 0 . 	1
what if he told you while he had his lips against yours	0
im so mad my picture with designer got deleted	1
orange guys out of all the colours	1
orange guys out of all the colours	4
its fucking over ! gimmie my money gsw go yall bitch asses home	0
its fucking over ! gimmie my money gsw go yall bitch asses home	0
you wild	0
dont call me unnie .  im wonwoo now	0
7:23 birthday tweet	0
faveable . 	2
why am i overthinking this	1
but when you think you can handle 6 nic but you really cant .  .  .  .  and now youre lighted headed as	1
but when you think you can handle 6 nic but you really cant .  .  .  .  and now youre lighted headed as	5
but when you think you can handle 6 nic but you really cant .  .  .  .  and now youre lighted headed as	3
but when you think you can handle 6 nic but you really cant .  .  .  .  and now youre lighted headed as	5
i wish i didnt reactivate mine ,  especially during election season . 	2
i wish i didnt reactivate mine ,  especially during election season . 	4
bills paid +& its the	0
11:11 i wish this was a joke i wish is still alive	1
love watching your story i knew you way back when ,  so its cool to "reconnect" through social media .  & see youre s…	0
next 2 days off .  i get off in 5 hours	0
great minds think alike	0
beautiful people following me you make my twitter a better place	0
im talking to a lady at the nail salon that has been getting her nails done since 1998 .  .  .  .  .  .  wonder what her nail bed looks like	2
im talking to a lady at the nail salon that has been getting her nails done since 1998 .  .  .  .  .  .  wonder what her nail bed looks like	5
im talking to a lady at the nail salon that has been getting her nails done since 1998 .  .  .  .  .  .  wonder what her nail bed looks like	3
im talking to a lady at the nail salon that has been getting her nails done since 1998 .  .  .  .  .  .  wonder what her nail bed looks like	5
wish i had someone all for me	1
i have no trouble with the reflection that greets me in the mirror ,  sweetie . 	0
i needa thick bitch ,  i like ass and titties ya feel me  ? 	0
cant even go out anymore .  .  #you	1
omg!!!! #loveisland is not on long enough	2
#618showcas3 be there or be ya	2
missin my white girl	1
why sunday  ?  today man	1
cant wait to be back in la with fry	0
anytime mars	0
my niggas are dumb .  been listening to them try pronounce these russian names .  wow . 	0
when your past finally catches up to you .  .  . 	1
just finished last episode of #bachelorette #omg	3
just finished last episode of #bachelorette #omg	5
god blessed the angry & the hurt	0
good thing well be in the uk in 3 and a half days	0
a starbucks cc ? 	0
oh i see ,  oh no and theres no way of getting your money back so i have to go! i paid £550	1
oh i see ,  oh no and theres no way of getting your money back so i have to go! i paid £550	4
up for what:unamused_face:exactly its freaking 5:10 a . m	2
up for what:unamused_face:exactly its freaking 5:10 a . m	4
yall sleep on him foreal	1
wonder if can get a friendly out there ,  sure my wife would be ok ? 	0
yea i will tonight	0
thanks for the connection	0
its friday right	0
im a savage when im drunk	0
absolutely unbelievable	0
this ruling on is almost as bad as the #foxsports coverage of the #usopen2016	2
this ruling on is almost as bad as the #foxsports coverage of the #usopen2016	5
my god yes	0
haha enjoyed the wait for the program it was as exciting as waiting for my girlfriend 25 years ago lol	0
we should make plans for our birthdays	0
britt i have a physics exam tomorrow ,  can you wish me luck please love you	1
sick asf my grandma really gone	1
i bet you the check was a good $70 smh	2
i bet you the check was a good $70 smh	4
paige just told the best news ever	0
happy fathers day	0
my broke me out so bad this month	2
i am apologising if there are any mistakes in my answers guys i am not fluent in english	1
careful josie or hell be trying to suck on ur nips	0
lol yeah	1
lol nah some situations	0
why isnt my sc working	1
im showing no mercy this summer style wise .  teach yall a lesson	0
proud of you! lol would that make you like a junior standing with those credits ? 	0
yeah i feel like i can handle anything now after getting my sternum done im so bad at choosing a placement	0
i love hiking .  sturtevant falls was a success . 	0
i suppose it was expected glad you ok though!	1
im clingy too . 	1
aww man sounds good i wanna watch it! i love me some horror	0
here too .  nothing to see lol	0
hard to take an amp and pedal board everywhere .  .  . acoustic is versatile and easy to travel with	0
so i went out to eat and this cute guy came up to me asking for my number	3
so i went out to eat and this cute guy came up to me asking for my number	5
why r ppl wearing fake goyard hats and slides stop with the "custom" stuff . 	1
#onceuponatime there were no ups	0
thank you	0
i hate winter so much	2
i hate winter so much	4
i hate taking this medication	4
sounds good ,  lil mama .  ill put it under your name	0
gimme head while i hit a backwood	0
thanks	0
thought youd like this x x	0
ready to get offfff  . 	0
than idk	0
call 911 ya eon/ ? 	0
controlla gets me in a dancing mood	0
i mixed so much shit last night . 	4
not gone get nowhere playing the victim all the time	0
lol! i shouldnt have .  i held out for so long!	1
i almost said that .  .  . but then waited for you to respond with it!	0
im bored asf .  .  either she at work or im at work	4
awww! weve had so many good times! just wait until we take over the city	0
you see her	0
im saying whats the world coming too	2
im saying whats the world coming too	4
in starving	1
some guys spend so much on girls just for them to get bricked .  hade brudah!	0
snap funny as shit!	1
its a beautiful morning to listen to some	0
credit cards in general are no bueno .  but thats also coming from someone who has an amex lmaoo so dont listen to me	0
tht aint my cousin ask him	0
nothing makes me happier than seeing a 40 yr old woman struggle taking a snapchat selfie in the volvo next to me #thoseanglesthough	0
a lot of mistakes a made/make is when im drunk	1
i just need a lil boo that want to buy my food but then work it off me . 	0
i wanna crrrryyyyy . 	1
hes holding our son	0
people who care too much about other peoples relationships wind me up	4
its going to take all of my self control to not watch oitnb until ernest gets out of work seeing as i dont work at all friday	1
that is sick	1
im free any afternoon	0
can you pls lie again	0
wow a gold razor ,  very posh	0
goodnight! jesus loves you!	0
she said thank you	0
lovinnnng the wedges i got from old navy now i just need somewhere to go in them	0
lol i looked too good prom night fuck da rest of yall	0
im really missing wv roads right now .  all of the curves & turns make the drive feel so much faster . 	1
i get back in the gym tomorrow	2
i get back in the gym tomorrow	5
youre welcome	0
in need of some hooters	0
might as well start going for usa before trumps deports me	0
i really wish my boyfriend didnt go to sleep so early	1
whos the genius that decided to do construction on ca-84! this is my short cut!	2
i had a mean cramp in my abdominal	1
omg jimin is so cute his style has changed .  it looks like hes experience some new things now	1
theres too many noises in here tonight	1
i used to go there every summer when i lived in iran! i havent been back home in 24 years	1
tsjoe .  chris hart is not invited to my dinner parties ,  hey .  wow . 	1
tsjoe .  chris hart is not invited to my dinner parties ,  hey .  wow . 	4
i will join you	0
the frustrating ever after route	3
oi ,  you dont have to wait past 18 for anything ? ! you guys are clearly doing it right . 	0
would love to see the underground map for that	0
what am i watching #famous #kanyewest	3
 .  . home alone	0
kyrie dont like black women	1
hobi why so cool	0
its not funny she caught me off guard	1
been like a vampire lately	1
when yall both petty af	0
good	0
finesse game stronger than your mf edges . 	0
warriors already with the bs	4
no roommates for a week so you know what that means!!!!!! no pants all week	0
captain obvious	0
i like fall ,  though .  summer is the part we need to skip!	0
then im living the right life tonight	1
that new kids amount of sass is almfkwlrndinqbwhf i cannot	0
im sorry excited forum the new season of	0
he added her on insta and said "i hope you dont block me like the other girls did"	0
isnt it sad that im 19 and i still havent had my first kiss yet or a guy ask me out ?  im forever alone mahone(i	0
isnt it sad that im 19 and i still havent had my first kiss yet or a guy ask me out ?  im forever alone mahone(i	1
hell nah i jus got off .  im bouta tryda find me some drugs	0
sittin in the car talkin	1
we cant date if you got more hair than me i wanna be the girl in the relationship	0
chile	1
who dis lol & he ran away back into his car & dipped	0
its begun #got #why	3
its begun #got #why	5
follow me ,  follow me ,  follow ,  follow .  .  . 	0
follow me ,  follow me ,  follow ,  follow .  .  . 	0
follow me ,  follow me ,  follow ,  follow .  .  . 	0
follow me ,  follow me ,  follow ,  follow .  .  . 	5
the parties not gone be the same without lil john he stayed turnt and dancing	0
the parties not gone be the same without lil john he stayed turnt and dancing	1
the parties not gone be the same without lil john he stayed turnt and dancing	4
the last tweet has been my thoughts all day long	1
heheh yeah i miss you too .  good to see snippets of how youre doing via snapchat so keep updating!  ; ) catch you soon alright ? 	0
im serious come!!! you should talk to your parents about it	0
i get to see kristie ass today	0
here until 10:30	2
here until 10:30	4
beyond ready to go to sleep	0
i think im gonna take the full time pharmacy job i was offered ,  its just gonna be so hard leaving my store and the people there	1
oh is that fool still flapping his gums way those ears look suprised hes not flapping them as…	0
ha ha .  .  .  . but surely it made you smile	0
i finished last night	2
i finished last night	5
its a troll .  .  . wont scoop to that	0
make them pay me more	0
if your reading this weve got one thing in common .  .  .  .  our sleeping patterns fucked	0
you dont even clean your car that good	0
thanks lauren	0
woke up thinking bout lil bae	0
its my birthday today ,  so if you could wish me a happy 21st birthday and follow me ,  i would appreciate it	0
my feelings really confuse me . 	1
i cant believe they traded tuevo	1
thanks	0
i miss you tooo phat	1
that abit of scared feeling when walking below dry dock n under the ship is an experience	0
where is jamie  ? 	1
see you september 6	0
good morning everyone	0
thanks sevy ill miss you	1
good luck hope you get your own referendum ,  feeling free	0
omg u went to stehlik too	0
lmao they were everywhere .  unsupervised .  the worst .  peep the video i just tweeted tho they stole the show	0
kaylin said let me be your girlfriend ill do you right no bitch	0
i dont like being inlove ,  youre so vulnerable ,  no control whatsoever	1
thank you you too!	0
terrible , terrible decision .  our poor children .  .  . the world has gone mad	1
having a rough morning	1
* its open * whats for breakfast ? 	0
* its open * whats for breakfast ? 	3
pool tomorrow ? !	0
today ,  nobody cares .  but tomorrow ,  they will . 	2
my exam this morning rekt me ,  hardly knew a thing studying for this arvos one now haha	1
prep yourself now by having just one ,  i hadnt drunk in months ,  went out last night and im just about not dying now	0
omg then fail ah ?  ? 	0
oml jc needs to calm his goddamn ass down	4
man its so mf hot outchea	1
i love u	0
the nba is starting to feel real rigged the shxt dont even make sense anymore .  i promise if gs lose the finals im becoming a atl fan	2
the nba is starting to feel real rigged the shxt dont even make sense anymore .  i promise if gs lose the finals im becoming a atl fan	4
wish you cared	1
tonight was pretty fun	0
i love gina so much	1
love you to babe excited to see what the future has in store for us:face_blowing_a_kiss::red_heart:️	0
love you to babe excited to see what the future has in store for us:face_blowing_a_kiss::red_heart:️	0
happy fathers day to my mom	0
screw this man	1
yall should check her out on insta or snap (cierarogers)	1
fucking hate that i love you i really do	1
natural_language_classifier [standard] is up .  (unofficial) 2016-06-13 11:00:03 utc #bluemix	0
mine is	0
you and a lot of other boys	2
you and a lot of other boys	5
6 finals down .  .  . 2 to go 25 credits in 11 weeks hasnt killed me yet	2
6 finals down .  .  . 2 to go 25 credits in 11 weeks hasnt killed me yet	5
when you punch out for break punch back in and go back to car for another hour and you on the clock	0
game of thrones what a finale	0
no prayers for turkey .  .  . !!! #prayforturkey #waronterror #domore #theworld #silence	1
nah no quite lol 7 minimum	0
im barely going to sleep and its not good at all	1
people are like "cali in three days ,  gotta start working out now" like its gonna make a different	0
wow! hes gawjus! #otlfp	0
9 , 084 people marked both boxes	0
i just want to be left alone is that too much to ask for ? 	1
i just want to be left alone is that too much to ask for ? 	1
acceptance	2
acceptance	5
some announcements about my first meeting is still under construction since i dont have time to continue it ,  i apologize .  plus , 	1
played high in every game	0
next check is gonna be so nice .  i gotta start saving tho . 	1
i could ruin it for all of you	0
i do too	0
i will when the professor comes maybe .  . 	0
i just want friends ,  but not gon bug anyone to kick it w a homie shittt	1
almost noon & no one else in my household is awake but me	0
syn back at it again well ynbt	0
well ,  thanks to #brexit our products are now 8% cheaper for all of our non uk customers thanks to our weak pound!	3
well ,  thanks to #brexit our products are now 8% cheaper for all of our non uk customers thanks to our weak pound!	5
140 com i got at&t	0
theres just something about a guy who can dance	0
so damn and hot & humid outside i cant breathe	1
mad respect!!! you just kicked ass in a huge way!! congrats on your victory!!	0
aye hes a diddy man	0
omg germany will face either italy or spain for quarter finals	1
thanks	0
very accurate	0
its alright	1
56 pan head ,  black	0
waisted my time i dont got time to be waisting bitch	0
its such a hot ,  beautiful day outside & i just wanna go swimming & tan ,  but no pool & no friends	1
hey author-nim! im from wattpad	0
i dont claim im a living embodiment of a faithful black man	0
that awful moment when scott loses his ex - to his ex!	0
that is a lot of flamingo going on!	0
"original .  just the way i like my pringles"	0
got our football stuff today	2
aw this is adorable! just like old times ty beb!	0
gabrielly	2
gabrielly	4
all this liquor and food and i just keep crying this shit sucks .  im trying so hard to enjoy my day . 	1
i know mate .  im being told off by my english followers	1
cant wait to meet my niece	0
i feel like they know some shit ,  im being paranoid ,  why cant we talk to them so they tell us whats up	3
i feel like they know some shit ,  im being paranoid ,  why cant we talk to them so they tell us whats up	5
thanks christine! azalia dont be mean	0
just saying ive won the champions league with blyth spartans in this stadium .  .  . on fm yes	0
lemme chill out bein too nice	0
i really might just go off on somebody today	2
i really might just go off on somebody today	4
i dont know how many times im going to have to asked you to put on netflix	2
im bout to listen to old chris brown songs & go back to sleep	0
i wanna go to an aquarium	1
as a dude u gotta be blessed in a department either your money game is strong or you are blessed like bobby east and me	0
ly betaa	0
loving sa right now	0
when others try to rubbish your news by saying in fact we are signing this rb and antonio wont be first choice	2
when others try to rubbish your news by saying in fact we are signing this rb and antonio wont be first choice	4
bye ,  going out to have fun	0
i just wanna go get food with sandra jj jas and vero like i used to	1
i just wanna go get food with sandra jj jas and vero like i used to	5
im trying to mop and my cat is trying to play with the mop	0
thanks erica	0
congrats buddy ,  cant wait to watch you! love you	0
i cant agree with you on that about a mans curls but you won	0
i missed you more n more n more when your exams are going to end  ? 	1
chi chi get the yayo	0
you know life is good when you go two days in a row of your cheeks hurting from smiling and laughing so much	0
lol .  magical thinking tho	0
i would if i had the money dont even have enough to fill my car tank up	1
i would if i had the money dont even have enough to fill my car tank up	1
lovely helen xx	0
state troopers everywhere this morning	2
state troopers everywhere this morning	5
wake up in a different room or something	0
even tho my legs hurt so bad from yesterday and im walking like a baby dear ,  must workout today	0
when will becca dye my hair	1
okay sis .  see you when i see you	0
i cant wait for tn	0
last week my dad lost his tooth while he was eating at my cousin house and today he find his teeth	0
happy birthday vivian! have a great day	0
mexican restaurants are always the best after 2am .  #latinaseverywhere	0
i looked at it for hella long thinking it was you	0
congrats!	0
aiite sir ,  ill see what i can do . 	0
your education and we almost make the same money #studentloans	0
okay!	0
sorry you had to almost witness my death at the encore songs	0
sometimes lang	0
waiting for the day my mom will stop complaining about every damn thing	2
waiting for the day my mom will stop complaining about every damn thing	4
so much shit happening in the hood	1
i wish i could be there! & you should smile ,  after all ,  youre at the bahamas p . s .  that pig is so cute	0
fine	0
uh uh we wasnt even close when your birthday came around	0
so proud ,  keep up the good work!!	0
lmao thank you but you aint shit im only daddy to one girl at a time thank you very much	0
lmao thank you but you aint shit im only daddy to one girl at a time thank you very much	2
lmao thank you but you aint shit im only daddy to one girl at a time thank you very much	4
mozgov not go work they play small ball to much but i dont even want him starting period	0
the mets drafted a bc player today .  youre more than welcomed to jump on the bandwagon	0
sad because my mom wont give me money for graduating .  .  .  the 10th grade & i have 7 dollars to my name	1
car accident . 	1
im accepting dances all night lol jus cus im djing dont mean im still not gone have fun too #viewsfromthem	0
for sure	0
ha!!! that ,  and when kneecaps face backwards	5
thanks ,  girl! i know that no matter where life takes us .  .  . i can always count on you miss you	0
so who gon come get us	0
dont me ,  jassel!	0
basketball season over now  .  .  what about them saints ?  #whodat	0
he he! ya .  after a long time i wore something other than a jean and a tee and actually dressed up!	0
its not good to nap in the bath tho ,  i almost fell asleep	0
no i in team but theres an i in win .  .  .  . remember that coaches	0
stick with the girl that sticks w/ you when you dont have a hair cut	0
its been too long i miss you	0
its been too long i miss you	1
i wanna go on a date sit back  ,  eat good and have good laughs	0
i wanna go on a date sit back  ,  eat good and have good laughs	0
ericumatme  ;  hi eratica! your name is so rad omg i always see u in my tl but we never talked¿ hmu sometimes haha love u	0
i am so tired from work but have so many other things to do	1
lets see .  .  .  im performance team hahhha	0
i went last month and my highest score was 51	0
"don’t wonder if this could be you - it absolutely could be!" an opening that brought tears to my eyes .  #tonyawards	0
excited to be cutting my hair next weekend before classes start	0
damn nuna ur bomb af i love you	0
damn nuna ur bomb af i love you	0
nvm its ok	0
its going to be so weird not living in lake county	3
its going to be so weird not living in lake county	5
hey dont buy please ,  thanks ! #frairl	0
uhhh whats in montauk ? 	0
#babes #aquarius cant wait!	0
lol ,  my lil bros are obsessed with that too!! and before that it was agar . io	0
disneyland costa rica and watershed in the next month	0
when people be all over ya social media and snaps but dont text back cool	0
sounds pretty fuckin great dude	0
hate being left on delivered when u have ur reads on	2
hate being left on delivered when u have ur reads on	4
as likely would #marigoldgloves	0
morning	0
they right at you	0
current real madrid player	0
3-1 record for the day .  went like 3-5 in softball and 3-4 in baseball .  pretty good day until i got hit in the elbow in the last ab	2
3-1 record for the day .  went like 3-5 in softball and 3-4 in baseball .  pretty good day until i got hit in the elbow in the last ab	4
rea we	0
sorry for no upload today	1
no i want her to be a cheerleader lol jk basketball is cool too	0
#lyricsthathavetobeshouted but i do think i can speak for everyone when i say were sick of this sh*t	0
put the straws down kate . 	0
my phone is so dry	1
a person that still lurks on someone elses page cares .  and for my dumb booty  .  i still care . 	1
ooooo mikya done fucked up	0
my most fav	0
1 of my guys i take care of called me in to tuck him in so i tell him goodnight as he reaches for a hug & pats my head & says "love riley"	1
when you forget to ask for ranch for your food but remember you got back up ranch in your purse &gt ; 	0
favourite song to sing in the shower ? 	0
wow yes please would love to win thanks for the chance *fingers	0
pchut	1
right finally!	0
im not even being crazy lol	0
sum boneless wings and pasta would be wheres my mans when i need em	0
sum boneless wings and pasta would be wheres my mans when i need em	1
clearly i posted you for national bff day & you didnt acknowledge it	1
in the tv series "agent carter" ,  ana jarvis is shot which leaves her unable to bear children .  ironic . 	1
good!! then ive not been charged it was legit "cant wait to chant football shite in hive ,  ive no chanted with you yet" ahaha	0
bad boy reunion ,  saint pablo tour ,  formation tour again that first week of september is gonna be crazy smh	1
im sick i wanted messi to get the w	1
why is everyone so mad like  ? 	0
so we have this bet going .  .  . how many ppl know me as reddroxx vs .  damone browns gf he swear they dont know me without him	0
utterly contemptible . 	2
got payet and pogba in my team ,  wish i had put giroud in too though	1
opened 3 packs of the new eternal masters mtg set .  got a mana crypt ,  a foil karmic guide ,  and a foil xantid swarm .  sounds good .  140$	0
what does a girl have to go to get some morning head around here ? !	0
- funny sometimes - great taste in shows - stp - ramadan kareem	0
- funny sometimes - great taste in shows - stp - ramadan kareem	4
i think im catching a cold i do not have time for this . 	1
luhh you too keep showing them haters whats good and just know i gotchuu from waimanalo to kpt	0
luhh you too keep showing them haters whats good and just know i gotchuu from waimanalo to kpt	0
yeah! i think i saw u but i was too awkward to say hi	1
thank you so much dillbert	0
ugh! i dont want to go to work today ,  but i have to make this money .  lol	1
although you talk a fair bit shit this made me chuckle #epicsigning	0
he act like he cant stop ,  press on the brakes too hard ,  be swervin and shit and aint using his signals	4
my thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their loved ones .  so messed up #prayfororlando	1
and that was my old you gotta see what in the air now	0
my mans slid in your dms for me when i didnt even know it	0
so i know 4 people prego right now which is crazy	3
the pound is dropping like madddd	5
lord knows its not easy being a nursing student & working  ,  but im managing	1
i didnt start doing my eyebrows until junior year because of my friends sluts	1
argghg! finally	1
faye marsay looks like terminator ,  nothing stops her . 	0
im a vampire and im here to suck your blood thats not the only thing im sucking wheein…	0
im a vampire and im here to suck your blood thats not the only thing im sucking wheein…	3
im a vampire and im here to suck your blood thats not the only thing im sucking wheein…	5
just peeping stuff like but wasnt but when but nvm	0
just peeping stuff like but wasnt but when but nvm	1
lonnie birthday today  .  .  twan birthday today .  .  .  && i leave for cali tomorrow  . 	0
probably gracie . 	0
egg wash - its only for the top side ,  jed .  clingy tuloy nila sa pan	0
cant believe this	1
hate the thought of her being wit someone else	1
cant get any texts back	1
but clearly god has other plans for me	0
i really dont know	1
depends ,  is the person that would do anything for them abusive perhaps ?  if so ,  its the reason id not go to my ex js	1
"dis times foreaaal" lol weak	0
& your main bitch aint fucking with me tell a nigga like boss up come get this money with	0
#horny so follow me and ill dm you #snapchat #horny #sex #sext #nudes #roleplay #bi #cumtribute #guy #fuckme #slut #daddy	0
i and likes youe tweets please plsase pick me bae i really want this	1
lets just go buy bicycles	0
maybe my expectation is too high  ,  same goes to my hopes	1
someone looks in awe .  .  .  in love .  .  . again everything taehyung does incredibly makes jimin smile ,  im dying	0
where did my midyear take me ?  cr ,  kwarto ,  kusina	0
i really have free tacos in my calendar	0
i swear when things start going good and are back on track shit ,  hits the fan .  .  i cant catch a fucking break when it comes to money . 	1
wish i was going to a festival this year	2
wish i was going to a festival this year	4
oh yeah	1
sleepy af	1
two more hours left on my shift	0
so excited for first take	0
they closed i thought ?  but nah fr i got chu gotta whole box	0
oh no! sorry	0
ha im back bitch	0
me too .  .  .  .  .  .  . 	2
getting smashed tonight because its her birthday tomorrow & she deserves it	0
i like gina lollobrigida too .  .  .  something about the olive skin and dark hair .  .  . 	0
gkt i want a fine ass gf w a beautiful personality	0
your very welcome! its very chilly here too! i needed to put a sweater and im still cold!!	5
it will never not be funny that chloes middle name is gwynn	1
i change my mind	0
my boy! always down for the turnup .  we could def be khloe and scott	0
my boy! always down for the turnup .  we could def be khloe and scott	2
i miss this !!	1
yeah me too i cant see ur tweets in my notification i only that u liked	1
sin planes .  .  . 	1
i love you too sorry im late	0
okay cool! im tryna get guys so geoffrey isnt the only guy	0
tell yer mom hook us up with some brownies	1
all i kept thinking was ,  “it’s andy in space!” (i haven’t finished watching parks&rec either)	0
you would need them to be hunting large game .  a rhino isnt going to appear on 15th	0
so not true	1
im lowkey cheering for usa rn because im surrounded by colombians	1
at this bonfire	0
i want taeyeons shoes from starlight music video	1
my mom just called me ugly bcuz i play video games lol .  .  . 	1
lmaooo ,  i cant be the only one that was thinking it	1
people come and go all the time .  who caresss	0
from state to state ,  near and far ,  is giving us major #hairenvy or if you agree! #wantthathair #revivalto…	5
i ran my first 5k today	0
patiently waiting	0
everytime i see u ,  i fall in luv wid ur cuteness .  thanku godji for such a cute creation	0
great muteking! but ,  do you remember your work on the real ghostbusters ? 	0
haha okay then! just let me know	0
thank you so much!!	0
we are never forgetting this ,  you know that ,  right ? 	0
we are never forgetting this ,  you know that ,  right ? 	0
we are never forgetting this ,  you know that ,  right ? 	0
we are never forgetting this ,  you know that ,  right ? 	3
we are never forgetting this ,  you know that ,  right ? 	5
loosing track of my days	0
need to write a 5 min talk about emma smith . 	1
i went in the pool with my money in my bathing suit top	1
im always in the mood to ride with no destination	0
i just stay to myself ,  stay out of people way	0
disgraceful kane	2
im bout to start something with my next tweet	0
haha dont thank me yet	3
haha dont thank me yet	5
thank u for the friendship .  missing u so bad ryt now! wish u all the best .  god bless u and ur fam .  i love u for life	0
thank u for the friendship .  missing u so bad ryt now! wish u all the best .  god bless u and ur fam .  i love u for life	0
thank u for the friendship .  missing u so bad ryt now! wish u all the best .  god bless u and ur fam .  i love u for life	0
thank u for the friendship .  missing u so bad ryt now! wish u all the best .  god bless u and ur fam .  i love u for life	1
this wind is so intense	3
this wind is so intense	5
ive already lost ,  idk why i keep trying . 	2
ive already lost ,  idk why i keep trying . 	4
i just fell in love	0
sorry friend .  i havent contacted anyone lmao .  thats how much of a loner i am	0
im back and im better	0
got work this morning	1
nt man , woman oh sorry , i mean girl	0
i love when a woman can take control during sex . 	0
god its in your hands	0
i mean wal mart has fitting rooms you can probably change in there	0
3 hours	3
3 hours	5
right	2
thanks booo	0
every time i sneeze i want to cut off my loser half	1
i still remember it like it was only yday	0
sure just text me ahhh! see you!	0
if opportunity doesnt knock ,  build a door .  - milton berle happy friday! #finishstrong	0
not unless im around to enjoy it!	0
this is cyberbullying but thank you!	0
"slid thru like bacon grease on my shoes"	0
i really dont care about a lot of shit anymore	0
hate waking up out my sleep	1
you ever just look and be like wtf was i thinning ?  yea thatd me right now	1
lemon tea is life	0
fuck sake why do i feel like this	1
why tf am i so bi polar	4
14% huhu not now pls	1
14% huhu not now pls	4
last exam today	0
the first one	0
i feel so sick right now	1
hopefully the sun will come out tomorrow .  it certainly doesnt feel like june	1
wow congrats	0
child go to sleep	0
travelling to police leaders stakeholder event .  culmination of a thought provoking journey with some fabulous people #eipoliceleaders	0
klay once again proving why steph isnt best player on the team . 	0
oh man .  .  the kid who was texting his mom from the bathroom .  .  so heartbreaking	1
oh ,  sorry i forgot .  i love you . 	0
last episode of thrones tonight	0
most welcome! hope all is well with you . 	0
yeah because " supporting " you to be alone while in pain boo	0
i gotta headache	1
im already blocked screenshot please	0
im already blocked screenshot please	0
the most make up i put on my face is lipstick	0
argentina national team is having a break down arent they	3
argentina national team is having a break down arent they	5
i cant stop laughing at her comment help me	0
you do like to sub me tbf .  its all true though .  can only prove me wrong if they win it cos wont play a good side til then . 	0
were hilarious tho lowkey	2
were hilarious tho lowkey	5
aint the ball got to go forward from kick off or am i a complete fool	0
imagine going to school before 7	1
bloody vile	4
brought mom to blue wave carwash for the first time .  .  . never again	0
i need me a white/black boy in my life	1
the more money you got on the game the louder you gone scream when your team hit a shot	0
im lit .  vibe is off tho . 	1
happy birthday hopefully 18 years ago you were planned	0
being loyal aint hard at all its finding someone whos gonna remain loyal to you thats the hard part	1
bit of time on the playstation with babe before food ! i love our lazy nerdy saturdays	0
youre sucking up now lol .  no complaints tho	0
my phone keeps fuckin dying while im in the car i need my damn car charger back	1
i could be something like your real daddy	0
youd probably still guess the toenail! but the feeling is mutual!	0
youd probably still guess the toenail! but the feeling is mutual!	0
really hope this work or ima be drinking this for nothing	1
nice la vardy	0
my love life has been a joke for a few years now .  im literally almost comfortable this way	0
congrats to those who passed the quota grade!	0
its a travesty ,  i cant believe that cancelled tga .  very unfortunate .  on to bigger and better things ,  my friend . 	1
more of a mare than my ability to pronounce foreign names thats for sure	0
kk moving on ceremony tomorrow ,  she going to middle school	1
ms .  harkins curved tf outta our final bc i definitely got a 62% on that benchmark	0
dont be mean	2
i can be a back up on the guitar i know a lot of system of a down  ,  red hot chili peppers  ,  sublime  ,  metallica  ,  nirvana	0
jesuss	1
i dont know what im doing here honestly .  the whole day has gone to waste .  im so so sad my ghad	0
first match thfc v villa ,  i got a burger outside the lane ,  and used those push down ketchup dispensers ,  it exploded in my face	1
mine still dont know me!	1
no manches ,  im playing banda	0
i just checked out ur avi and now i cant get my penis to sit down	1
govt racist as fuxk cus them n!ggas workin for trump	4
cant wait for craig bellamy to refuse to come back on itv after england rip wales a new one after giving it billy big bollocks other day	0
is it weird i only like to watch the shark attack episodes #sharkweek	2
is it weird i only like to watch the shark attack episodes #sharkweek	5
rewatching game of thrones all the way from ep 1 .  why ?  coz its game of throne dont ask why	0
just not feeling it today	1
lol my septum piercing falling out	0
just fucked that mcdonalds up	0
what advice do you have ,  so that someone can grow their youtube channel ? 	0
im your devil tho	2
start an illegal war or revolt over one ? 	0
bought a pot of pasta for me dinner on monday at work and ive already eaten it thought id at least make it to tomorrow	1
i want some new necklaces	1
heyyy but you good in football ian see you play basketball yet keep it up tho	0
wish i had some weed to smoke i know everybody sleep	1
me tooo you screenshotted my timeline from the last 3 mins!!! i feel absolutely ecstatic	0
l watching it but have radio 5 live sound hate savage	0
hehehe yes i do lovely	0
hehehe yes i do lovely	0
hehehe the thirst is real	0
i dont know why im watching this scary ass movie . 	1
thats way too much of thinking	0
really ?  on the news ?  i was wearing a blue sweater with a white shirt under it .  i hope they got my best side!	2
really ?  on the news ?  i was wearing a blue sweater with a white shirt under it .  i hope they got my best side!	5
i know	1
i slick miss yall jk i really do miss yall we all need to go out to eat	0
struggle bread where you need a jug of water along side it even hard dough bread is not as tough as back bread	0
i just dont have time for them they require attention lol	1
i just wanna have clear skin .  . 	1
no wonder you distanced yourself from me	1
and for you to do your job and control him	1
yes girl .  lmk whenever	0
and my tummy hurts	1
and he will forever be one till he sincerely apologize to me	0
way too emotional rn ,  in desperate need of a nap	1
happy fathers day to all of the dads out there! your jokes may be awful sometimes but all in good spirit	0
went to bed at like 10:00 last night ! now im up	1
its tho	0
this old man came up to me and said "can you believe you look just like someone i dated 50 years ago"	0
omfg no dont let me break up the party!!!	0
im laughing at nigel farage wasting his time on #marrshow - ive already voted #remain	0
he was going hard actually	1
cant stop stalking you . 	1
cant stop stalking you . 	4
im so ready to order 6 grilled cheeses from meltdown tonight #fav	0
when we going	3
when we going	5
waiting on my fish burger	0
take notes babe	0
wouldnt that be so wonderful ? !! and i love seeing him with a diaper bag . 	0
do you believe in destiny ? 	0
lets go	0
i feel like being petty	0
nooo is it okay! ? 	1
why am i so hungry	2
we live by the code & we fuck these bitches	4
i know ,  its a disgrace! the whole of #uefa2016 should be stopped they are not gentlemen or men	2
i joke i joke	0
i was gonna step out tonight but ive changed my mind	0
thanks baby	0
oh my .  .  .  what an observation though alex wouldnt have been "stiff" yet) any experience on that ? !	0
oh my .  .  .  what an observation though alex wouldnt have been "stiff" yet) any experience on that ? !	0
i want lasagna	1
boo you ;  i still havent seen it . 	0
cant wait to start wearing my lil bush	0
and finally ,  going to sleep	0
full car	1
i miss you too cie!	0
glad youre good .  reckon mine came from the plane .  oh! that isnt good! hope thats all youve accrued ?  same place ?  x	1
glad youre good .  reckon mine came from the plane .  oh! that isnt good! hope thats all youve accrued ?  same place ?  x	1
i wish .  .  .  crazy shit	1
i sleep good everynight .  i even slept good lastnight after watching the conjuring .  bitch i loses no sleep	0
if my new nursing shoes arent here by tomorrow ready for my first day on tuesday i will be super sad	1
thank you all so much for 400 followers! i love sharing gods love with yall!	0
lol nahh hockey	0
not really . 	0
shit ,  wrong song hahahaha my bad nightmare	0
but we have an extra one for xyli	0
i gots some demons in my but god wont let me get to me	2
hes so silly	0
thanks babe	0
finna po up  . 	4
bro omg he slaughtered them niggas bro he peeled that nigga shit back	0
anything for you	0
whatever happens .  im still bless	0
but when donald not at work i just be wanting to lay up & exercise in a different way	0
but when donald not at work i just be wanting to lay up & exercise in a different way	1
kina pisses me off too	2
kina pisses me off too	4
any local businesses that would like to help promote each other in any way ?  #northantshour	0
no ,  show me so i could clown	0
me either	1
yes bc this is exactly how id want to spend my friday night	2
yes bc this is exactly how id want to spend my friday night	4
for some reason my phone didnt work last night thought they shut off my service or something	1
very nostalgic today	1
yeah right	0
i need to learn how to ride a bike sooner .  .  so i will not angkas nalang lagi	0
these refs are crazy!	0
ill give him credit when he wins another world title!	0
its really got me in my bag now	1
12 he shift tryna not fall asleep 3hrs left	1
ass still fattt	0
yep .  that one	0
yes they were a1 should have taken a picture .  . next time!	0
the best ones are already taken ,  sorry	0
i shud slide into someones dm	0
jessica	0
hi how are you up there ?  i miss you	1
no worries ,  babe youre so talented!	0
nah bales free kick	0
nice for the public but evil at heart	0
no problem ,  its pretty cool!	0
*hoream	2
*hoream	4
this isnt fair	1
karma is always a bitch	0
essentially youre like a modern day saint	0
eating pizza & drinking soda after 10 makes me feel so gross	4
lets have a to the good life	0
georgie is back next week woohoo!!! and shes even doing the nae nae happy friday night kayla	0
georgie is back next week woohoo!!! and shes even doing the nae nae happy friday night kayla	0
georgie is back next week woohoo!!! and shes even doing the nae nae happy friday night kayla	0
thanks babe!! ily	0
not sure .  . but this will definitely do it today!	0
diary free muffins!!!	5
that negotiation though	0
chief	4
both thats a big	0
why doesnt my body let me flourish .  still stuck on my exam schedule now im up for no good reason	1
why doesnt my body let me flourish .  still stuck on my exam schedule now im up for no good reason	4
i know her eyes nose and lips and its confirmed that it is her	0
ray donovan .  obsessed with this series #raydonovan	0
it was so good to work with you tonight especially on thee most randomest day hahahaha i love you	0
offer	0
bowchickbowow .  also very true . 	2
by the way ,  you still owe me tacos .  so youre sluffin on that too	0
is this new ?  thats my #bony old man!	0
love you clown:red_heart:️	2
love you clown:red_heart:️	4
just heard your big news .  .  .  . how exciting for you .  . wow .  .  . your hard work has paid off with some great rewards congrads mr d	0
i wrote you back 30 minutes ago	2
i wrote you back 30 minutes ago	4
thank you lovely . 	0
im up at 3 something in the morning eating a cheeseburger from johnny ds	0
yeah i was on my motorcycle when it started .  . 	2
yeah i was on my motorcycle when it started .  . 	4
moti you blocked me again unblocked thek hai suck my disk	0
fries dipped in icecream so good	1
happy #zeddception day for you now!	0
yepp	0
lol "kalicia jr . " was another one i been called	0
yung boot runner	0
hope my package comes today	2
hope my package comes today	5
daunendecke .  .  . 	0
cars go so fast down this street its unreal .  no wonder my jeep was totaled while parked last month	0
like obvi your being white trash to begin with so i know your not gonna tip soooo there for im not gonna do my best bye	0
the crazier ,  the better	0
will u ever go to their concert	0
omg youre welcome	5
thanks ben!!!!	0
i like how we are so bored were carrying out a full on convo on twitter	0
i love the wisdom	0
its also true that when i zoomed your profile pic on my mobile i say nice	0
i go fishing soo much that my skin is getting black . 	0
what i plan to do is between me n my next nigga	0
white house down sa blockbuster later .  .  .  however ,  werk is at 6am so forget it job .  hahaha goobye tatum ,  foxx and king . 	0
thank you!!	0
zahairah can count to 14 .  wtf	1
everybody mixtape be sounding the same  ,  change your style up	0
love you its all good dont worry	0
strawberry lemonade	0
waiting on	2
waiting on	5
 my nap aht was well need iht	0
 my nap aht was well need iht	0
 my nap aht was well need iht	0
awesome account	0
granted ,  yes .  come to think of it ,  maybe that explains my losses of late	0
goodnight and sweet dreams yay queen laura hope you had a day full of smiles & happiness i love you so much xo	0
goodnight and sweet dreams yay queen laura hope you had a day full of smiles & happiness i love you so much xo	0
i get to see logic tomorrow	0
somebody text me	1
you dont have to be gay all the time sis	0
weve already discussed this pal .  anywhere in the village doesnt count as going out	0
10 days . 	3
10 days . 	5
if i ever become famous and go to an award show ,  i want an ellie saab dress	0
looks like me .  lol	0
i know ,  i missed this kiddo	1
thanks dude .  not until august but got something to look forward to	0
decime	1
decime	4
he took my little sister from me	1
the new ahs better be good cause the last two ones sucked	1
adult charges was dropped on my baby cody hell be out sooner than i realize cant wait to see his tall ass thank god #freecody	0
adult charges was dropped on my baby cody hell be out sooner than i realize cant wait to see his tall ass thank god #freecody	1
i was gone have to apologize to alanni for spending yall vacation money honey	0
miss you to fool	0
you cute you dress nice but you a stranger	0
you cute you dress nice but you a stranger	0
you cute you dress nice but you a stranger	0
gone from 62kg to 69kg in just over two weeks didnt even think that was possible .  booty gains ?  #nojustchubs	0
howd you get that picture of me ? !	5
i just wanna spend as much time with him as i can this summer	1
its an open bar now	0
like you better with no make up	0
if england lose their next game in the euros theyll be out of europe twice in one week	1
thanks babbyyyyy and i will	0
some of you lot really make love nice .  smh	2
some of you lot really make love nice .  smh	4
that plug in got my room smelling so good	0
but let me get back into chill mode cause i cant deal	0
but let me get back into chill mode cause i cant deal	0
im so sorry you had to go through all of this! by your side is where i was meant to be!	0
end for this semester	0
being at the airport is emotional	1
surprised he didnt foul someone on the way just for old times sake	0
when i cant say anything without being a bad guy or "bitching" i begin to feel like i cant do anything right .  it fucking sucks .  fuck . 	1
oh yh what goals we going	0
 .  .  . aaaaaand .  .  .  .  .  ?  i this is only football ,  you cant hug it ,  it wont help you overcome everyday problems . 	1
thats a huge price jump	3
thats a huge price jump	5
i dont pray to god to take my problems away i only pray for god to give me strength to go through them	0
not keen on the two new ones no ones gona beat and #loveisland	0
i found my hardest class and its not hard because of the material its hard because of how long the class is	2
i found my hardest class and its not hard because of the material its hard because of how long the class is	4
i found my hardest class and its not hard because of the material its hard because of how long the class is	1
it defies logic . 	1
yazmin blocked me on instagram too	0
how cool	1
round two	0
and give the dude at court side some of his new shoes	0
damn its a good day  ,  damn its a good day	0
we on that money makin mooooooooood	2
thank you 1218! have a great day!	0
how she mash up his house like that nah some girls are crazy!	1
thinking about going night swimming becuz of this dam heat	1
guy walking down the street singing ,  was so good i was tempted to go on the balcony and clap	0
i cant remember which 1	0
didnt realise that finals is just next friday until i checked the date & its already 15th today .  .  first paper is on 24th .  .  9 days left	1
follow me ba2a #تيم_المباحث_بيوزع_فولورز	0
im still in bed	0
girl off dragon ball z yeen never seen that ?  sheeeeesh	1
thankyou	0
i need something new in my life	1
for being such a good girl .  .  i get treated like shit .  .  i dont get it	1
they look awesome .  .  . hope they get auctioned one day too	0
hehehe ily jam soon pls i miss you subra	0
hehehe ily jam soon pls i miss you subra	1
hehehe ily jam soon pls i miss you subra	1
put me on somebody scooby	0
contemplating of moving back to arlington .  closer to my actual friends . 	1
yesssssssss omg	0
goodmorning girly #followback . 	0
goodmorning girly #followback . 	0
sorry your home is sumter for the next 3 years	0
i might need to hit up popeyes	1
open it	0
sonrieee	0
ajaah really got you high and drunk	0
its a real nigga g day	0
well yeah i mean i saw that you rted all these old tweets soo	0
so many surprises	0
we about to throw a big ass party on me	2
yeah he sure does wish .  whos side bitch are you again ?  you damn sure arent anyones wifey	0
i wanna be the one to make you put your phone down hell i wanna be the one to make you forget how to unlock it	0
i wanna be the one to make you put your phone down hell i wanna be the one to make you forget how to unlock it	1
man on fire	0
i ate steak earlier so im a big deal righr now	0
alexis a dummy	0
unupdate	2
unupdate	4
wishing i didnt have to work on the 4th	1
looks like the warriors are taking an early vacation #allincle	0
i unfollowed so many people	2
i unfollowed so many people	5
*watching #doctorwho on toddler "hi clara ,  hi doc!" #proudmum	0
- i love you so much:weary_face::sparkles:youre my go to & im so glad we got closer this year thank you for being such an amazing boyf…	1
never been so unprepared for an exam as much as i am sociology ,  how am i supposed to remember all of this	1
never been so unprepared for an exam as much as i am sociology ,  how am i supposed to remember all of this	4
good lil week vacation till my transfer	0
weathers wayyy too hot	1
we miss you	1
shit bollocks scramble	0
celebrity sitting next to me .  .  #udtapunjab amazing guy .  . 	0
car sex is crazy nigga be catching all types of cramps	0
lol i can see but youre so welcome	0
i need to stop smoking these cancer sticks	1
by chewing massive amounts of bubbalicious gum ? 	0
why are you facetiming me at 7 in the morning i cant fall asleep now	1
#supersaturday friends ty priscilla	0
happy birthday wrecked my bias list and became my bap bias .  smol little cinnamon cupcake	0
oakland ?  theyre in oakland tonight . 	1
oakland ?  theyre in oakland tonight . 	5
oakland ?  theyre in oakland tonight . 	3
oakland ?  theyre in oakland tonight . 	5
my wife ,  so good with kids	0
yaaasss girl	0
clair	0
happy birthday cant wait to celebrate tonight!!! i would have texted you but my phone isnt work…	0
#onceuponatime i was born	0
when you just want that text from that one person	1
bianca & meme got me out i suppose to be in my bed	2
bianca & meme got me out i suppose to be in my bed	5
i am so poor right now	1
i get nervous	0
did i what ?  i was serious	1
kyrie out there playing like me	1
"roasted corn over bunsen burner"	0
needa go ahead n hit the dentist so i can get my grill	2
needa go ahead n hit the dentist so i can get my grill	5
f i n a l l y	1
what a goal	5
fuck them .  .  .  .  . i want it to be warmer here ffs #theweather	0
word up	0
when my heart break i can physically feel it  .  i think i love tooooo hard &lt ; 	0
with 10 man as well	1
i swear im the plug	1
i believe i can but that miss ,  is up to you in the end	0
i leave in a day in a half	0
paris ,  queen club although you probably guessed that from the pic	0
if ur gonna try and steal from my work place amd ik you ,  js your ass is under that bus	0
work maintenance at jack	0
my momma dont like you and she likes everyone . 	0
when you work all week then wanna chill on ya off day	0
yearning for ya loving baby ,  i need that shit everyday	0
i dont know yet .  im still in bed	0
night too	0
"theres something about you .  you bring out the soft part of me"	1
were outside of the apartment and this girl has a parrot and it said "damn daniel" i was dead	0
i feel bad for iggy man .  .  .  that has to hurt so bad	1
thanks! lol what facebook group ?  ? 	0
my mom white but she know how to make all the filipino dishes so fuckin good	1
im just venting ! please no spoilers	1
at least im not a liar	0
i cant even contain the emotion #aldubksreunion	1
i have church service at 8:30 .  we finish brunch by 11 .  i want a nap ,  but dang its already late in the day . 	1
#np on #godjradio the #quietstorm #listennow!! #slowjamz all night	0
people ride justin biebers dick .  .  leave the dude alone let him get drunk and fight off people that fuck with him ,  hes old enough now	0
dominos pizza sound so good rn . 	0
like if i leave you & youre still sad that makes me sad like i feel like ive let you down & useless	0
remembered 2 record sunday .  found out my #nhraselfie shown .  heard split into 2 broadcasts .  now i think i wont c it sigh	1
i feel full on offended by people’s opinions of characters #thegirlgang	0
ion even drive with my ac off	0
hey ,  she aint lyin tho!!	0
i mean you making me fall in love with just selfies .  why wouldnt i . 	0
get to see my bestie today	0
if & lucci yfn & 21 savage was in bet awards it would never get boring!	0
sorry	0
hahahhaha whatever you do dont let him scratch you	2
hahahhaha whatever you do dont let him scratch you	5
my daughter stay with her fist balled up i dont want her to be mean	1
grow up dont see his car at the gym .  good start to my afternoon . 	0
its here #tanglinch5	0
i just wanna feel like i look nice and be enough for once	1
welcome thanks have a wonderful weekend . 	0
south park lit right now	0
hubby surprised me on my birthday which was opening weekend .  woke me up to the hp theme and put the glasses on me i cried	1
#callmeseb sebastian please call me it would mean the world to me please i love you so much x230	1
without me tho the one bitches used to think was kobe	1
damn so i have to drop my shift tomorrow so i dont hit overtime	1
i want a good man cause im a damn good woman	0
theres a show called blue bloods  ,  i dont think thats how it works	0
"if you are always worried about what others think of you ,  you will never be happy . " up up up	0
bout dumped that jet ski	0
[!!!!!] if u stan yg new girl group!! ill follow u just follow me back thanks	0
whiteys	0
me too	1
i always wonder when they huddle if they are talking about going to taco bell after the game #cwsfinals #cws	0
in a booty rubbing mood	1
i want a cat	1
afternoon yooa unniee &gt ; ♡&lt ;  lunch already ? 	0
i just need for htgawm to have new episodes & ill be straight	0
feel that .  he hard regardless so i just go w it	0
its so freakin hot out but watching my do her thang!	1
its so freakin hot out but watching my do her thang!	5
and then proceed to go back to base as soon as he lost about 5% of his health .  wouldnt even help us take the turrets .  so yeah ,  we lost . 	2
and then proceed to go back to base as soon as he lost about 5% of his health .  wouldnt even help us take the turrets .  so yeah ,  we lost . 	4
krispy kreme is overrated	1
how luxurious!	0
happy fathers day to me	0
hes so manly	0
move into mine	0
i really wanna try some big curly ass hair	0
u are welcome	0
ahahaha oh no sorry they would love you	0
ahahaha oh no sorry they would love you	0
you know like that	0
he the plug  ,  tell him ill work for him	1
thanks	0
smashed my finger at work .  .  . 	1
smashed my finger at work .  .  . 	4
crazy sunny	0
thank you twitter for spoiling got for me	1
sound advice mel .  after political events here i might not ever stop!!	0
i dont understand	0
anyway imma shower haha have fun playing bgo i would be there in spirit	0
i love the way the new zelda is looking .  the amount of freedom really seems like youre really exploring and adventuring	0
thanks for sharing!	0
anytime	0
cp tech prep wed .  6/15 .  (tmrw) dairy queen noon - 1pm $50 back u cant make it ,  find a friend to get it & lmk	0
happy fathers day ,  dad!! i love you so much ,  have a great day! xo	0
okay im sorry	0
hey how are u ?  i hope youre fine .  see this please i love you .  follow me please ?  x318	0
25th boo lol next	1
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x56 , 426	0
297 ka krwaya rustom this independence day	0
study quizzes school subjects first week hard work .  fighting!	5
11 weeks until my little one gets here	0
my 9 yr old "i like him but i dont .  its like ur going through the friend zone ,  but ur not .  ur just making ur way through it . "	0
hit me up	0
its obvious youre into having someone elses sloppy seconds	0
i found a two bedroom for us	0
please do not smoke cigarettes around me:cigarette::face_with_medical_mask: .  i will punch you in the throat	4
obviously	0
he still cares . 	0
moving to joining a fuck it idc . 	0
shes the love of my life	0
nan picks me up from work and has the most gangsta radio station playing	0
tell me about it	1
this is so heartbreaking ,  my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families . 	1
if it carries on like this i suggest they leave earth in a rocket	0
not yet ready to go to schl	1
my mom just left for chicago and my brother asked when are we packing up to leave	0
hell yeah im stoked for both	0
lmfao i know not literally though	0
why now ? ! ? ! ? !	1
1st day home and its depressing	1
 .  .  . up for that twice over!	0
bitch play to much	0
yes i agree! that would be one hell of a time bro bringing those 2011 vibes back	0
okay from no you are my new friend and we knew each other from just a minutes okay  ?  lets have a conversation	0
dont blame ya gg	1
thank you	0
just found the perfect necklace	0
my whole block is dark as fuck from this power surge	4
i do what i want	0
omg im o negative ,  i really wish i could donate but im not in the us #prayfororlando	1
clevelanddddddddd !!!!! cc	0
niggas better appreciate a woman who keeps it simple and natural they be the ones to not act you shit	0
cannot be done anything to yr skin	0
idk why but ive been taking alot of risks this past week and lowk the results arent that bad	0
she even barks northern not started it yet going to the pub tonight mate ,  im not that bad haha	0
i love my watch!	0
aww .  i miss you too .  we need to catch up . 	1
ay wow! must be the script day . 	1
jess be having the weirdos mad	0
finna start fucking with she my nigga . 	0
spain are my last team left in the sweep .  dont let me down lads	1
inactive af	1
inactive af	4
it may be weird but i definitely dont enjoy my balls getting sucked during head .  .  .  just chill shortie you good where you at	0
its my monday and my friday	0
im a suburbanite trapped in a city girls body	1
happy birthday to you!! congratulation for debut soon .  cant wait to see you on stage .  love #jisoobloomsat22	0
eduardo rodriguez takes the loss ,  i mean the hill tonight against tampa bay .  #redsox #soxtalk	1
good luck on your first day of classes!	0
boyfriend .  .  .  .  .  ohh im out of here	3
yes there are times when i hate you but i dont complain cause ive been afraid that you would walk away	1
ok thanks i rigested last night  , i wait it apple can ban my device with this methode  ? 	0
no what am i gonna do my only friend besides trey is gonna be in hammond	1
the parade ona sunday works better with my schedule anyways	0
missing me some tropical smoothie	1
he was like its ok i can handle some blood and guts .  that was even my biggest concern	0
talk till tomorrow i know im right	2
talk till tomorrow i know im right	4
i miss so much	1
seems like thats the only lightning that struck in pittsburgh during a meaningful tournament	0
happy birthday ! i still have to bring you some egg rolls i hope you enjoy your day!	0
damn people are so shitty	0
im glad to yeh your right tvs shit the night only the football on	0
i miss the musical	1
if u can put up w me for more than 2 days in a row then u must have a lot of patience	0
today is about to be the definition of a monday	2
today is about to be the definition of a monday	4
hes got a couple couple bangers .  super saiyan trunks slaps . 	0
sleep schedule really fuck up	1
lol dont get too full of yourself now ,  its still my smile	0
now youre talking!!!	0
thank you!! not gonna lie i dont recognise some of these photos love you lots gal ,  see you soon!	0
thank you!! not gonna lie i dont recognise some of these photos love you lots gal ,  see you soon!	0
i need some new bitches	1
appreciate your kind words .  thank you	1
same ,  i just watched it	1
holy	0
omg its finally here in the usa .  .  . cant wait to get it	0
ready to knock this 12 out tho	0
i took your advice lmao	0
why we all have matching p jays	0
bday in a month	0
its no longer about your triflin ass ,  allow your kids to look up to you  .  whats so hard	1
tryna say he wasnt healthy hes a glorified ray allen literally every aspect of his game except his jumper is overrated	0
 .  .  .  sweaty	0
the thing is it doesnt matter what we think	2
the thing is it doesnt matter what we think	5
you know she aint right . 	0
lol im like how didnt you get it at first	1
where should i get some food at downtown	1
worn down	2
worn down	4
yall are gonna get shit on by the cavs	0
just do online thats probably what ill end up doing	1
youre super cute	0
people can be annoyingly persistent	2
people can be annoyingly persistent	4
like  ,  this shit is crazy  .  .  nobody cant even bring yo name up with out me mugging	0
i went back to my 7-year old self the moment the dolphin came to play .  embarrassing .  hahaha!	0
omg i wish i did .  hopefully next summer!	0
logic is terrible at basketball . 	0
i miss watching you on - its been forever ,  but work=money	1
lmfao!	0
can u let anything go killer keemstar	0
if i let someone kill me ,  is that a sin ? 	1
once again my jollof bangs	0
the love i have for my fur babies is unreal . 	0
honey ,  im so much more than what you expected from me	0
ill be a great father	1
yes i am joining .  just finished working on my video .  going to post it soon	0
im gaining weight again	0
seriously .  i was stuck behind that level boss for over a week!	1
thanks john .  obviously had that locked away somewhere! shame i cant do it at parkrun!!!	0
i need 2 belgium goals	1
//you started it!	0
another child got dragged ,  by an alligator at disney ?  ?  ?  these animals need to chill	1
when my other roommate moves out	0
yeah but you never mentioned anything about other games .  you only mentioned redwood	0
holy	0
im so fucking tired	1
wth is going on	1
honestly ?  not really .  those kinda scare me . 	3
yep ,  hes your friend .  not mine	0
please bring back your #surprisetrip offers ! it was a so great idea !	1
i can never be happy	2
i can never be happy	4
need to stop tempting me with pretty emails	0
starving but get home from work too tired to cook so end up with beans on toast aye ,  chuffed about that!	1
lmao ihy	1
we will	0
your tweet really made me laugh bless your heart angel	0
surely they meant potatoes ?  ?  so uneducated! as another person of irish decent i share your disgust!	0
- need a bitch whos not gone let me kill mad fast	1
iceman_x1 iceman ,  you know were not playing!	0
ur so pretty	0
thats exactly what she said	0
thank you	0
its about us rn boy where you goin	0
stay away from us gingers fam we stick together ive claimed that territory	0
today is the big day	2
today is the big day	5
i love red lobster	0
tournament this week	0
#sonsözüm the world would be a better place without religion .  #istanbul	1
the relief of cleaning your make up brushes then the dread of ever having to use them again #girlproblems #thestruggleisreal #beauty	1
i caught that right before it went im you shouldve already known better than that right idea ,  wrong person:hundred_points::victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone:️	0
i caught that right before it went im you shouldve already known better than that right idea ,  wrong person:hundred_points::victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone:️	0
need my toes painted but i cant reach them	1
soon	0
oh! yas fancy preying on the stupidity of "tim-nice but dim" shame on you!! #:red_heart:tim #laughs	0
oh! yas fancy preying on the stupidity of "tim-nice but dim" shame on you!! #:red_heart:tim #laughs	0
oh! yas fancy preying on the stupidity of "tim-nice but dim" shame on you!! #:red_heart:tim #laughs	0
no problem	0
mississippi burning	2
blow drying my hair is a work out	1
like dont be cute around me if im off henny & shit becaaaaaause .  .  .  .  .  . 	0
forever wishing i was closer friends with lol she seems like the coolest person ever	1
mashallah looking so #handsome #hero g	0
gang gang gang  .  .  wasnt aware " gang gang gang " was an emoji  ,  but youu pretty	0
either your classy or your trashy .  .  .  theres no in	0
its already on 14%	1
if you cant explain it then dont say it	0
oh in that case you need a time machine and a teleporter	0
i wish that it could be like that .  why cant we be like that ? 	1
this is sooo cute	0
get to spend fathers day with my papa bear tomorrow thanks to my momma for letting me take off to zuni today	0
softy	0
every though gets on my very last nerve ,  i love him to death .  #dumbboy	0
every though gets on my very last nerve ,  i love him to death .  #dumbboy	0
youre the best! now if only you could get eric prydz and steve angello as supporting acts	0
what up pop ?  brace yourself as i ride on top  ,  close ya eyes as you ride right out your socks	0
baby its yourrrrrss ,  nobody elses	0
i dont want to deal with anyone	2
i dont want to deal with anyone	4
on some say some more shit its just a different day	0
up making jell-o shots and jungle juice	0
- we havent talked that much for awhile and hes such a chill guy	0
only a week  .  .  .  .   ? 	0
im just kidding im the sweetest girl ever	0
ramadan family "sister act . "	0
lowkey would love to go to a mexico game their hype for soccer is real	3
lowkey would love to go to a mexico game their hype for soccer is real	5
today has been a good day but this game is just fucking killing it	1
i should be doing that bc its my first time ,  but ofc im way in over my head	0
ahh ,  aubrey graham ,  been getting me in a tizzy for years and years	0
want new dress new shoes new cases yaz new everthing	2
want new dress new shoes new cases yaz new everthing	4
crazy how fake people are	1
#monster6thwin proud of my boys ,  again! well done ,  keep it up! love you so much	0
up north for this show rehearsal with da gang!	2
you know what sounds so bomb rn ?  a funnel cake and some curros	1
i aint done turning up yet	0
photoshop #segur	1
remembering about all of the embarrassing moments at my old house	0
they dont cool tho	1
yes is a troll with a small d#ck!	0
my belly button is starting to poke out now & it feels so weird to me	0
i had a dream about tamber last night	0
eng-isl 1:2! #euro2016	5
nixon & annabelle sleep in bed with me and damian bc we love our babies but theyre starting to hog the whole bed	0
i can name a few who do this	0
i can name a few who do this	1
it was and still my worst nightmare  .  .  .  . 	1
love you more !	0
wha thats any comparison	1
fuck!	1
fuck off dont test me	2
fuck off dont test me	4
i was sweaty asf last night	2
i was sweaty asf last night	4
my way of flirting is basically insulting you lol	0
our future presidents is arguing on twitter right now  .  .  .  lol what a time to be alive	0
s/o to came in clutch  ,  the real	0
i want answer	1
smart uhh	0
theres much better ways than betting	0
s/o to tastees	1
twas a good couple of days	0
cekiyaaa happy birthday booo i miss you sooo soo much you never text me no more either but i still love you h…	2
cekiyaaa happy birthday booo i miss you sooo soo much you never text me no more either but i still love you h…	4
cekiyaaa happy birthday booo i miss you sooo soo much you never text me no more either but i still love you h…	1
wow ,  per this email ,  the us customs & border protection harsfield ,  atl has 2 trunks containing $5 . 8 million w/ my name on it .  im rich!!	0
thats probably the best tho fr	0
 ,  its no longer arianna & bittie its arianna im riding solo	0
 ,  its no longer arianna & bittie its arianna im riding solo	1
u cant stand other throw hate at yr idols but then u write "i hate xxx" on bio ?  exol have too much immature fans	4
love you girl some people really suck	1
thank you!	0
need my brows done	1
well i dont think youre telling the truth	0
i wonder how many girls cry over him (including me)	0
some shit always happens to us	1
some shit always happens to us	5
bet! i was about to be so salty	0
bitch im back in the game	0
i convinced myself we would win the euros .  those thoughts have changed	0
the koszyks r way more fun not sober tbhhh	0
chew tobacco ,  chew tobacco ,  chew tobacco spit ;  if you aint a ram ,  then you aint sh*t!! #wssu20	0
she hasnt answered me either	0
you can tell everything im thinking by the expression i have on my face	0
thanks my lover!	0
bitch i was wondering why i got a follow back from you! im looking at my phone like she must have accidentally hit unfollow	0
my house	0
why he texting and driving on the mopad	1
its summer and everyone sleep	1
my bad ima sit down" pleaseeeee!!! one foot in the casket ,  i liked ta died man!!	0
my bad ima sit down" pleaseeeee!!! one foot in the casket ,  i liked ta died man!!	5
phr se water overloaded	3
phr se water overloaded	5
i really wish she smiled more often in pics she looks good when shes serving face ,  but i love it even more when she actually smiles .  . 	1
mia and keith ,  too cute! thank you keith ,  you made her day!	0
we are eagerly waiting for #pzchat	1
follow me on facebook &gt ; &gt ;  icez havid	0
so cute!	0
fuck it will both turning into burnt toast	0
if you didnt come to my party you missed out	0
cant wait to meet new people in college #nsu20	0
back in the ville now its grind time	0
sorry waaaaa	0
where everybody at ?  i know yall aint at home	1
why cant i go back to sleep	1
fam in this hard times why you wonna wreck a nigga faster ? 	1
can i just fast forward 5 years of my life please	1
chex mix bomb	1
this game lit .  swear foe gawd they lose im boohooing	0
promis	2
its my birthday tomorrow .  england better give me a good bday present tomorrow	0
cant even watch the game ,  im still in the car	1
hope you hoes go home and wash yall ass after the pride	2
hope you hoes go home and wash yall ass after the pride	4
can i dm you ? 	0
i think its time	0
but we all know as soon as chels get back she kill someone who trying to take her place	0
why am i so slow	2
why am i so slow	4
i beat assassins creed 4	0
get well soon baby	1
everybody on my tl rn doing emojis	0
i feel like i lost lol  .  . i wanted that for messi so bad	0
rails sticker	0
i probably get me a thigh tattoo	1
nice!	0
end of watch is such a good movie	1
my pretending im okay everyday	0
still patiently waiting for to come back and tour america whens it	0
still patiently waiting for to come back and tour america whens it	0
and let me not get on niggas	1
very nice ya this nehe sleep for so long but i didnt get any sleep at all last night	0
if anyone ever hurts you ill be the dude in the red fighting them	0
oh my god this was me yesterday morning!! i feel you	1
i was like in the 7th grade and had the biggest crush on her	1
hahaa okayy2 ,  goodnight too	0
good night abg romeo	0
love basketball ,  but baseball players will always have a special place in my heart	0
i just watched 2 white chicks give the craziest dick suck ever on porn hub wow	3
i just watched 2 white chicks give the craziest dick suck ever on porn hub wow	5
oh sorry .  it was just my thought	0
i will need a xxl please david	0
not ready for this practice	0
stop living so far away	1
observed .  fancy a drink ? 	0
hope you had a lush bath first	0
all my girl groups and boy ground have disbanded	1
she asked if i am obsessed with her . 	0
will come for your suggestions when i buy	0
right! ? ! but i suffer after i eat it	1
these bitches really think theyre slick like we some dum boys that gets hyped cause some pussy wants a ride cut it	1
when your mom starts singing to your dad so you know its in your best interest to go to sleep early or have high volume on the tv	0
monday night doorstep sport offer free sport:party_popper::clapping_hands_light_skin_tone:! pencoedtre park - 4 . 30pm-5 . 30pm for ages 9+ pop along & see us!	0
chill	1
i dont know why i get on these apps .  .  .  i get too anxious to ever meet up with anyone anyway .  .  .  im just wasting theirs and my time	0
dw about it kai	1
dw about it kai	5
wont stop the dreams	0
hate/love you fag ,  thanks	0
same	1
i got it .  you got it .  we got the magic	0
like that is it!	0
i need to go the movies tonite	1
honesty costs nothing .  .  its so much easier if people just nut up and say what they mean ffs .  .  #nothardpeople #hatebeingconfused	1
honesty costs nothing .  .  its so much easier if people just nut up and say what they mean ffs .  .  #nothardpeople #hatebeingconfused	4
i just want a jägerbomb	1
you make me so happy i wish i was at vidcon meeting you	1
yung 2 hours na free call	0
astros been hoopin lately	0
just read your post before you tweet it	0
yous a dub you is not a 10	0
already tired and i still have over 5 hours left of work	3
sick of feeling like im such a burden on my parents .  trying my best and its still not good enough . 	2
sick of feeling like im such a burden on my parents .  trying my best and its still not good enough . 	4
ex with benefits	0
my body so tired	1
sadly yes	1
#dubnation is always #soldout i need a 2nd pair retail price	1
my face fat asf	0
stop sendin the and emoji	2
im wondering if the postlady voted for brexit	0
i cant believe this happened! hugs!	3
in the city on the 9th october - see you there	0
i think ima let yo mind wonder for awhile	0
when you like someone so much but they dont even know about it . 	0
whaaaaat ? ! charot hahaha . 	0
whaaaaat ? ! charot hahaha . 	5
the amount of times i was asked "why is every female in your family attractive" at my grad party	0
the accidents i saw in less than an hour oh god	1
lmao thats not meeee  .  .  you kno i dont fight buggawillie	0
alexis be giving me tha jazzz	0
tired of giving a damn about someone elses feelings  .  i honestly dc anymore  .  fstow about what i post  ?  so what  .  .  .  .  kiss my ass	0
happy birthday my favorite person in the world i love you al wait till you come back from disney htt…	2
this young guy that knew my dad from the gym was cute i wanted to introduce myself & flirt but i dont want to die today so #mydadiscrazy	1
#starfleet blue or teal works better- esp since you used #startrek #tng ep .  descent part 1 in the video . 	0
im starving in this house and nobody is picking up their phone	1
tired of boys . :face_with_tears_of_joy::neutral_face:like really !! theyre fucking jokes . 	0
jesus i love them	1
i will never understand how mfs are allowed to have their boyfriend / girlfriend stay over #growingupwithstrictparents	0
why do i have to go through this shit man .  .  what do i do wrong	1
ive been observing you from afar	2
ive been observing you from afar	4
thought that was you	0
tbh i thought cates deactivated since i dont see her on my tl anymore	0
ah i miss my dad	1
hardworking females	0
this girl reminds me of my cousin	0
its ok cowdi we can still be friends	0
-there was a man in the females bathroom	3
-there was a man in the females bathroom	5
stop what ? 	0
oh ,  25th anniversary next year is it ?  welllllllll best be booking my trip for then as well then	0
help sincerely not beneficially use words that may not save you in this world but definitely in the forgive without revenge	0
help sincerely not beneficially use words that may not save you in this world but definitely in the forgive without revenge	0
out #dolantwinsnewvideo subscribe and give it a ilysm pls follow 184	0
curry is such a that dude falls for everything & yall wanna talk about lebron .  .  .  cmon now	0
thank you alyssa	0
man i was tired af	0
my little brother tried to scratch my tattoo off .  .  . he is the cutest thing ever	0
my bestfriend left me!	1
i aint eat nothing all day	2
i aint eat nothing all day	4
i sent my mom a snapchat at 1 am i wonder what it was	1
all i want to do it knit but the excitement of the game is getting to me	1
where is this bus	1
nothing but ls tonight	1
forever wishing i got a goodnight phone call	0
i need a miracle	1
#growingupwithmyname sutherland ?  oh i know your dad . 	2
#growingupwithmyname sutherland ?  oh i know your dad . 	4
my dress gets here next week . 	0
happy friday thank u lord its friday dancing ba ?  #aldubtrumpets na tayo*woohh* hve a nice day htt…	0
got dam just seen the tragedy bout orlando wow that is fucking mainey 50 dead that is just outta this world	3
got dam just seen the tragedy bout orlando wow that is fucking mainey 50 dead that is just outta this world	5
i have the weirdest dreams	4
since everyone done ill get off of here people know not to play with me cause i have anger issues	0
yes hes gay or dl lmao no straight man uses all them women rolling eye gifs hes…	1
my ex husband youll always be my baby lmao but youre one of my fav people ever we needa hang out soon	0
ill miss you very much but i know well get to see you again soon!	1
not bad for a defender #euro2016 #ger	3
not bad for a defender #euro2016 #ger	5
someone slide in my messages	1
3 weed edibles and im	3
tremendooo pasee .  .  .  #messi	0
good one	0
dont wait for me to say something you didnt want to hear darling wala akong sinsanto .  #backoff #devilmodeon	0
i want a yorkie so bad when i finally buy him/her im gonna cry no fr	0
i want a yorkie so bad when i finally buy him/her im gonna cry no fr	1
put effort into those who put effort into you . 	0
why not	1
i also wish i work on radio with you and your mad crew!!!	0
thanks  . 	0
ooooo i like that .  .  .  .  .  .  i like you	0
its 93 out rn	2
4 . 5 hours left then 3 days off	0
looking 4 it	0
lewandowski already	1
no idea why i try to read some links on facebook .  90% of them crash the damn app .  so what’s the point ? 	2
no idea why i try to read some links on facebook .  90% of them crash the damn app .  so what’s the point ? 	4
its my birthday today rain	0
what the fuck is with people lately . 	0
you can be pretty and petty its a healthy life	1
hol up	0
i should have taken more photos oh well ill take some with today	1
alright man yeah	0
no problem . 	0
thank you for the thought	1
if you wake up & im laying in ya bed  ,  then you winning	0
aight .  .  .  going to chick fil a w/o me .  ?  thats strike 2	2
i miss	1
exactly! and im way lower on the page too so i feel lucky they found me then they just bounce	0
lol everyone saying nooooooooo .  are you guys kidding me ?  look at the fucking roster . 	0
when you get given mashed potatoes with raspberry sauce and sprinkles	4
everyones at my house so im in my room alone	0
ive become obsessed with bc of u	0
bae hate chocolate she weird	0
-friend -england -you and hwasa should date .  -9/10 -9/10	0
semra keeps talking to me in her drunk state of mind	0
*send me emojis ill tweet about ya #cg	0
*send me emojis ill tweet about ya #cg	0
*send me emojis ill tweet about ya #cg	0
june 28th	1
careful she may be fattening you up for a reason #funpmlunch	0
my makeup looks so good today	1
now the confessions start!!	0
i love hearin my ol boy prison stories niggas is really evil	0
hi king could you please we love you!! #zayn4mmva cq	0
all that walking got these boys barking but no they throbbing	0
all that walking got these boys barking but no they throbbing	1
i tell bri everything ion have nothing to hide at all  .  . 	1
lol forever forgetting to eat	1
lmao i aint got no nigga sooo	1
nows the time to grab some pizza and watch adventure time	0
damn i thought u was that other girl i was finna cuss u out	0
happy birthday fella	0
god is real!!!!!!!!!!!!	3
god is real!!!!!!!!!!!!	5
mcdo girl	0
movie date w/ my boos	0
if he wasnt he would have dipped from the knicks	0
🇫ｏｌｌｏｗ	0
hey austria arent too shabby a team so a great win i like an underdog	0
looks like you have some great tips! hope you like the create a healthy lifestyle course! let me know what you think	0
been running around running errands for the weekend and getting things ready for my bday the following weekend .  got everything done!!!	0
sorry ive tweeted so many selfies today but im feeling rlly about orlando & seeing everyones selfies in the hashtag is making me smile	1
cant believe denny died	1
 .  .  .  . its a genuine question that nobody seems to be asking . 	1
stupid girl bc she doesnt know the meaning .  gosh i kennot	0
i hate you	0
finally gonna watch conjuring 2 tomorrow	0
they turned everything upside down against him .  they said he stole the car theyve been looking for a long time ago .  .  . 	1
terry walsh is the fittest man on planet earth	0
started watching bloodline on netflix to just have on in the background while i sleep and now im wide awake and cant stop watching	1
thank u	0
date night with the boo thang	0
still made that i cant watch the college world series	1
maybe	0
wow amazing!	0
i knew there was something that wasnt right about you	4
makes me super sad	1
#axlrose summed it up best when he wore a shirt that read "the bitch is back . " so good . 	0
it will be grand no worries	0
i been ignoring that bih for the longest . 	0
i am waiting for your update dear	0
id say thats a very fair course of action!	0
dads had to go in school because my 7 year old sister has been kicking off at the welsh supporters and has got in trouble	1
i shipped lorelai and luke so hard and i was juiced when they got together	0
you right .  game 7 gs by 20+ watch	0
im just talking .  i dont live that lifestyle .  im a nun in training . 	0
im just talking .  i dont live that lifestyle .  im a nun in training . 	0
hey tommy! i exist	1
hate trying to find dresses online .  either every single basic bitch has it .  .  . or its £200	1
no you not mfr	2
no you not mfr	4
whyy my service keep goin out	3
whyy my service keep goin out	5
now british english will have only 3 vowels a i o  .  .  .  .  as it has left e u  .  .  .  .  . 	0
missing the beard	1
evett	0
crunchy ice	0
well dab with you even if we arent in the us!	0
some type of adidas but them mfs bae asf	0
declares me single forever	0
back to grinding	2
okay!	0
are you asking me out on a date ? 	0
i have work at 4 am ,  why am i up ? 	1
i have work at 4 am ,  why am i up ? 	4
mixpak got this	0
i want some checkers	1
i hate getting tans	2
i hate getting tans	4
theres an old man having tea on his own	1
the only reason girls shave is when theyre trying to impress a guy	0
deadass when your friends are also equally fucked up so they cant be him	0
just stepped in a chickfila for the first time since january for said waffle fries and	1
thank god for 12pm class .  i can sleep longer	0
i enjoyed that "skip to my lou" pun on giants post ,  jim	0
nats are there cos libs cldnt compete with labor on their own .  if they can or w indeps ,  may cut them loose ? 	0
i miss you too	0
long ass a bitch dont post mines im good cause im fight everybody from the mama on down	0
whuuut ? ! djk eto piggy na qt paren	0
that makes me so happy!!	0
ughh .  .  this night is dragging by	3
ughh .  .  this night is dragging by	5
omg that wouldve been terrifying!	2
omg that wouldve been terrifying!	5
because shes cute af .  duh . 	0
thaaaanks rudi!	0
andrews aunt dead ass gave me 20$ in ones to go to the strip club	0
i know i just feel left out	1
valeri tired ?  i expected more creativity with that amount of time and space .  .  #rctid	1
4 no .  counter pe jaake pucho	0
i know .  but theres no way shes dead .  if she is ,  dude idek	1
lolol i would totally do that	0
ive changed so much over the past year	3
ive changed so much over the past year	5
fav part of side to side	0
in other news my tv isnt working so i have no way of blocking out the stupidity going on next door and babe fell asleep cooooool	0
okay im on my way!	0
my soul is chasing you	0
she riding my waves she want my lifeeeee	0
she riding my waves she want my lifeeeee	0
"oh no" "my fans" too much cuteness in this woman	1
im sick practising bar chords  . 	1
ur welcome ,  its a dare tho	0
just die and let me date wonho oppa	0
females with cats	0
also	0
twitter fights	0
"back on road" nice  ,  but i feel like it would go harder if drake wouldve dropped a verse on dat bit	0
yall dont know the difference between dressing professionally and club dressing	1
hey could u follow them ?  $$ ¥¥ $$ ¥¥ $$ ¥¥ g	0
guess i was raised in the wrong generation	3
guess i was raised in the wrong generation	5
lol you know bro	0
yes yes! text me when youre freeee	0
lol you know you should tell me straight lol lol and fyi .  .  .  i do get jokes!	1
whatchu know about trappin ona monday	0
so sad	1
(over) confident flirting guy throwing a love letter in girls hostel & beginning it like "to whom so ever it may conc…	0
"xin xia ji mitchie .  it means happy summer mitchie	1
just wanna take it all back	1
thanks!	0
please no	1
grilled lamb ft homemade pizza	0
bitch you cant even do it	0
i wanna learn how to put on make up .  i stay watching them lil videos	0
holy shit ,  thats not heavy metal ,  its heavy horror	0
if he can take him then he better keep him cause ion wanna back	1
it happens everytime . 	1
i love corn dipped in nacho cheese	0
lol thanks	0
dont text me if you have a gf imma be petty af with you .  like "where yo gf ? " every 5 minutes	0
did you fb mg	1
i ask this question every day	1
so many road closings here in longview texas been driving around for a good 20 minutes trying to figure out where i’m at…	2
how many world leaders is that whove gone now ,  and president #assad is still chilling in #damascus ?  oh yeah ,  bye by…	0
she sticks her fingers inside my pussy and i stopped her and said we should record this she was down asf and we gr…	0
when the hurt keep haunting you	1
i need to apply then . 	0
my i love you so much you make me happy if you see this ,  can you follow please! #choicesummermusicgroup x2	0
my i love you so much you make me happy if you see this ,  can you follow please! #choicesummermusicgroup x2	1
happy birthday!!!!	0
no you didnt	0
i love consistency being on & off w| somebody is so annoying	1
you made me so hungry im bout to have that for dinner tonight	0
you made me so hungry im bout to have that for dinner tonight	1
even if you broke up with someone this morning yo ,  who says you cant move on ? 	0
ready for my sisters to leave	2
ready for my sisters to leave	4
true af	0
no more inserts ?  okay	0
maui is so beautiful so bummed to leave .  but im off to my next island	0
just preordered my copy i cant wait to play soon	0
im crying right now .  .  i dont want samantha too move	1
im crying right now .  .  i dont want samantha too move	4
he was eliminated because he did not know of any dance .  and in a group you should know how to dance poor gunnie	0
he was eliminated because he did not know of any dance .  and in a group you should know how to dance poor gunnie	1
thx dear #gurkenhugs	0
clever thanks for coming	0
clever thanks for coming	0
was on dutch tv #awesome	0
yooooo we made messi retire from international soccer chile really got in his head with them back to back titles	0
lol we dont want it	0
the twins fight a lot .  she has to sleep in a chair .  where am ongoing to sleep . 	0
that just pissed me off i wish somebody would lay that on my plate .  foh . 	0
really ?  ?  i used to hear the bath running at night ,  spoons falling during the day  .  .  . one night i saw a guy	1
its just funny how you just continue to try over and over again .  at this point it doesnt make me do anything but laugh	0
im still laughing at that video	0
i havent watched any youtube videos in weeks	1
im feeling the chemistry weve got rn	0
the good girls revenge yung book 2 nyan beh	0
ctfuuu i did	1
why me & des saw this boy with a boy dressed like a girl get it its a little confusing:face_with_tears_of_joy::skull:we was crine	0
why me & des saw this boy with a boy dressed like a girl get it its a little confusing:face_with_tears_of_joy::skull:we was crine	1
in desperate need of a job	1
fuck me too	2
fuck me too	4
since i need a new engine idk if to do a s54 2jz or ls swap all out of my budget though tbh	1
my sis4life	0
havent worn makeup for 2 weeks my skin feels so guhhdddd	0
day 1 of color guard camp and im dying #burningalive	1
those bazooka dslr lense tho	0
its 1:41 get out your feelings!!	0
loving mentioned liquid lipstick in her newest video	0
missing you comes in waves ,  and tonight im drowning . 	1
missing you comes in waves ,  and tonight im drowning . 	5
this is the funniest thing ever i cant stop laughing	0
trop chou mc46 oh yeah	0
were too young for all of these heart breaks	1
feel so happy recently	0
 .  .  . defo intriguing .  i like psychosis and hardcore mental illness as a topic for sure ,  ie .  postpartum psychosis	5
i applied to steam during the beta on *fingers crossed* this if youll be following me there	0
amazing! youll love it! its transformed my mornings	0
sooooo i get to work and none of my computers are working	1
try here	0
fyi i dont drink	0
still hot tho . 	0
you could apply to masterchef ? 	0
i can get completely fucked up tonight with no worries in the world and im so happy about that	0
june 29th ,  2016 was a very very very very good day	0
im sorry it wont happen again	0
before i send him back to you he gone luh jada on his breath	0
if youre #aamu19 and in band pls dm me i have a question about some of the stuff were supposed to get .  im #aamu20 lol	0
nope just kdb ,  if he blanks then 2moro i will have to (c) portugal keeper for saves eeekk awful matchday 1 for my front 7 8 9 .  .  . 	0
its okay princess	0
i miss you too! i hope youre doing good girl	1
christina grimmie was killed because shes a christian .  50+ people were killed for being gay .  no one can be themselves anymore .  so sad . 	1
today i have been an emotional wreck and no clue why .  cried at least 6 times then all happy then boom all sad again .  whats wrong with me	1
we now have try to live and grow in a world we didnt want .  youve lived your life .  we wanted to live ours .  .  . 	1
u wish i cared	0
morning grind	0
finding dory is coming out next friday but i dont have anyone to watch it with	1
pull the trigger man	0
havent had a night like this in a while where i just cant fall asleep	1
why u always catch me sorry sorry sorry	1
got him ^^	0
im so awful at keeping a conversation going	0
i like you sober but i love you drunk	0
stop eating chewy & crunchy things if you dont it might be biting nails , opening bottles w/ ur teeth ?  chewing pens ?  x	0
when you burn your forehead with the curling wand and have no idea how long it will take to heal	2
one cause it was gone when j went back .  two cause it was his back side and emiya was facing front	4
just living is expensive	0
always left out	0
must go drop my poor car off at the shop	1
love both teams attitude to rugby well done both teams (and just found out both players scored)	0
such a damn tease!!!	0
the ride to tallahassee so long man	1
thank god i studied with andrea last hour	0
aaw ,  im glad you got to have that experience! colin is such a dreamboat	0
hic sorma	0
working on being a more positive and happy person	0
thanks leliah	0
youll be punished later!	0
ella and i had that same conversation today . 	0
this nigga just said  .  .  .  you wearing sundresses if so please wear some things i dont be looking but just do it	0
woooow wish i was at hideout	1
aww cant wait to see pictures of you lol i hope you all have fun and enjoy your selfs	0
anxiety attack	1
anxiety attack	4
gm love	0
and the way he bended his knees for ten sfaffaczg oh god i miss them so much ㅠㅠ	1
and the studying continues .  .  .  .  time to stress out about stats	1
lil mexico kept it real from the start	0
ive been without my car for almost 2 hours and i already miss it	1
hahah im older you should call me ate nga .  16 nako be . 	0
teeth is a big deal to me	0
twitter must be yall diaries i dont see how you can type yo whole life to a app	1
twitter must be yall diaries i dont see how you can type yo whole life to a app	1
i need a deep massage	1
esdlc yass!	0
throwing a tantrum on the bench & ashley is laughing at me	1
cant really get to involved with nonsense anymore because i got a lot going for me	0
happy 3rd anniversary i love you muach #lovebts #3yearswithbts #방타소년단	0
im happy as hell with my life now and beyond blessed . 	0
diers against russia otherwise no	0
im not even american	1
i dont say shit when i hear their fat stinking old asses fucking #lrt	1
beauty	0
dont feel like going to school & its pointless we not gonna be doing anything	2
dont feel like going to school & its pointless we not gonna be doing anything	4
depending on the nature of the crime	0
my friends better want the windows in their car busted not answering my calls	0
i got sumn comin soon im done playin	2
isnt that the place where winter fell down or summat	0
yesss it hurts ,  i just finished two at the same time right now and im just huddled in bed ,  wondering how to move on and heal	1
blake lively is beyond perfect . 	0
hit it from the back watch a nigga bless you	0
take care	0
get right ,  or get left	0
gym again tomorrow	2
i want this #apinkperu	0
i really want to wear a dress for the party that im hosting next week . 	1
i hate carl bruh	0
lets go ! i lowkey balled out a bit yesterday	0
cheeky bmw babe  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  u know i like bmw .  .  .  .  .  .  .  and u know i porsche .  .  .  .   .  .  . 	0
cheeky bmw babe  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  u know i like bmw .  .  .  .  .  .  .  and u know i porsche .  .  .  .   .  .  . 	0
cheeky bmw babe  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  u know i like bmw .  .  .  .  .  .  .  and u know i porsche .  .  .  .   .  .  . 	0
cheeky bmw babe  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  u know i like bmw .  .  .  .  .  .  .  and u know i porsche .  .  .  .   .  .  . 	0
im having hernia surgery next week .  any words of wisdom ? 	1
is in london	3
is in london	5
hell yea it is	1
i take my final tomorrow and im done with summer school	0
fback ? 	0
no no its okay we still share the boys love its what matters	0
i feel like vomiting	1
cant wait till my pay raise takes affect	2
2-1 to england and its number 1 we are very busy at hq apologies for the lack of tweets	0
because youre cute af	0
ui ,  este spinnin sessions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  guestmix do shaun frank	0
looking fresh!	0
i only managed one slice! we took the rest home!	0
be a cougar	0
block ho gayi	0
got you sydney	0
i can finally go running tomorrow	0
one hour waiting time before makasakay wow	1
yu would wanna  ,  dont be involved in this	0
i know when i go to my house ima have a lot to give away cause stuff just be hanging in my three closets	0
that was a nice goal by boetang! #germany #euro2016 #deutchland go	0
thankss the things we make poor robin see with her own yes but i needed some fancy simon	0
thankss the things we make poor robin see with her own yes but i needed some fancy simon	0
2016 is taking it a lot of lifes ,  isnt it ? !	1
when all you want is lazy sunday but you have to do laundry	1
jada wassup ma but i aint fwy since school let out	0
jada wassup ma but i aint fwy since school let out	2
jada wassup ma but i aint fwy since school let out	5
no prob!	0
i always eat my eggs with a little extra shell in it haha #oneeggout ? 	2
i always eat my eggs with a little extra shell in it haha #oneeggout ? 	4
#maligayangkaarawandan tweet us your birthday wishes for dan .  well rt! dont forget the hashtag . 	0
well have our first draft list of guest invitations by the end of the week from all sides of the family . 	0
im burnt as hell  ,  and its never hurt so bad  .  thats what i get	1
yeah im here rn	1
#offspringchat can you please promise no one else dies .  my poor heart!	1
thanks	0
i need cheaper hobbies	0
thankyou georgia	0
girl i cant deal	0
yes i bought a hat	0
lolol thats sooo cute	0
i was planning on painting my desk	1
this is the shittest series of big brother ever and ive loved and watch every single one! im so dissappointed #bbuk	1
this is the shittest series of big brother ever and ive loved and watch every single one! im so dissappointed #bbuk	4
i just said the hard truth!	0
i just said the hard truth!	0
thank you so much for the rt for willow .  #warriorsforwillow	0
i used to always kid around & say to kid you & me right now ,  outside .  dont anymore ,  cause she could hurt me . 	3
i used to always kid around & say to kid you & me right now ,  outside .  dont anymore ,  cause she could hurt me . 	5
wont be far away today .  if your about	0
i need 5-10 taste-makers to check out my new track and give me their opinion .  .  .  dm if youre interested	0
pink panther	0
cheesy chicken enchiladas tonight . 	0
when i was younger older niggas was like “charm a chick gonna break ya heart so bad one” i was like nah thats never happening ,  guess what ? 	0
this hurts .  .  . 	1
im sorry about all the tweets about my snap probs today!	2
im sorry about all the tweets about my snap probs today!	5
now im wide awake	0
annnoying sia	2
annnoying sia	4
9 more days	5
ozzy the betting badoo man now when u getting a ps4 ? 	0
im a tiny bit out of control	2
you shouldnt be tweeting and driving	0
ice magiato and "koffie verkeerd" it is coffee with lots of milk and sugar	0
shes making me laugh so hard rn	0
im using way more than id be willing to admit	0
i need a sugar daddy	0
i just came across someone .  lordt . 	0
love this	0
draymond didnt want none of that	0
proud	0
wish i was in peru	1
my søftie fren |-/ who i argue with about fake u out .  i love u softie	0
in love with this device #nevermissmotoff7	0
i never noticed on your snaps oh my	3
lol right	0
i always called you to bring me something to eat & you came	1
comel . 	0
someone collect rushel pls	1
lmaooo i really hate when my nigga being logical and im being a brat	4
i love ya too	0
hell yes goood times will soon began #amandoing lol get lit bihhhhhhhh ! you better !!!!!	0
hell yes goood times will soon began #amandoing lol get lit bihhhhhhhh ! you better !!!!!	0
people trip me out man	0
when im home alone i belt out notes like theres no tmrrw adele not trying to see me	0
i thought u exercise now what happened	0
awh really ? ! i missed i him	1
i thought i bust my lip last night in my dream but it happened in real life while i was sleeping how tho lol	1
pulling out clothes here at	0
nothing ever goes my way	1
niggas be bitches	2
niggas be bitches	4
liar liar pants on fire	0
going alone to a event as a volunteer is the worst thing	0
should go in the pool eno	0
it makes me sad knowing that some people doesnt have a responsible father to celebrate with in a fathers day	1
surprise date nights are my favorite . 	0
storm tonight bet	0
i just got back from a showcase & my dad tells me to not make plans for later bc he picked up 2 games	0
i have got nothing done today coz ive just been looking through my pics	3
i have got nothing done today coz ive just been looking through my pics	5
make up your mind already .  . 	2
make up your mind already .  . 	4
yall aint no real shooters cut it	0
yall aint no real shooters cut it	1
yall aint no real shooters cut it	1
im the only lizette you know right  ? 	1
lmao ive been waiting for school holidays	0
only real niggas were born in july!	0
happy birthday have fun love you	0
ill finally be back in austin in a few more days ive missed my bed sooo much	1
theres something idkwhattosay with her face	0
he can talk about any topic lol .  shit is funny asf but annoying	2
he can talk about any topic lol .  shit is funny asf but annoying	5
you dont love meeeee	1
you dont love meeeee	1
you dont love meeeee	1
sorry boo yea i lie to you but dont you lie to me	0
idk sounds his name sounds like a nickname my dad that nigga everyone knows him	0
when you go to house and you get left to hang out with her dogs when shes not at home	0
goal de fou	0
hope you sleep well you had a lot of fun	0
lmao i heard that too	0
when she makes an account and messages you again i cant stop laughing	0
thank you jay	0
avi slays my whole life!	0
you dont give damn about me	1
linguistics here and i dont think about bombings anymore the part of my brain that feels that is numbed out	0
miss my boyfriend soo much	1
sucky ,  but feels gr8 to itch doesnt it , 	0
i wanna go to sleep	1
last night was so much fun love you	0
i miss you so much more	1
todays workout was fricken great	0
i do wish i could beat my face like some of you beautiful girls out there tho .  i love when my friends put make up on me	0
lol ah well	0
3 tickets to #oilers vs #devils on jan 12th	0
this aint nothing but happy weight	0
take care & enjoy	0
video for tomorrow	0
// dang mannn tragic	1
kyga are back guysss .  kylie so beautiful w/out makeup tbh . 	0
my great grandma just put the tv remote to her ear and started talking .  .  the phone didnt even ring . 	0
fish curry today	0
bouts to just watch netflix on my phone till im allowed to leave	0
to be that attractive ?  yeah ,  it should!	0
no obvs get the pretty belly bar facing the other way i love it	0
you ask a simple question to an female nowadays they automatically think you tryna get at them lol	0
oomf just	2
oomf just	4
like if youre currently eating chocolate or sugar-based food .  .  .  whilst watching #masterchefau ?  #australia	0
like if youre currently eating chocolate or sugar-based food .  .  .  whilst watching #masterchefau ?  #australia	0
i really graduate high school today	3
i really graduate high school today	5
dont get me wrong donuts are great but id rather have a jalepeno cheese bagel .  more of a savory gal . 	0
#ifgotwasinhindi ,  danaerys would say - "danny" ,  naam toh suna hoga .  .  instead of all the titles . 	0
// you tall & sometimes crazy but you cool	0
// you tall & sometimes crazy but you cool	2
im so mad	0
never heard of someone getting possessed after watching a horror movie	3
never heard of someone getting possessed after watching a horror movie	5
nothing too serious .  just our nations beyond rubbish football team	1
#myself & #millions ofother #swifties wld #love 2owna #redtour #dvd also #please #1989dvd	0
support system isnt big at all but im thankful for my mom & aunt	1
first day back from vacation is always the hardest	1
put em right to work	1
the news from orlando really makes my heart heavy .  praying for the family and friends of those lost / hurt .  . 	1
im so unlucky never gonna tweet me or #facetimemenash im so unlucky i have no chance	1
im so unlucky never gonna tweet me or #facetimemenash im so unlucky i have no chance	4
wide awake good morning ,  world	3
wide awake good morning ,  world	5
but thanks for the discussion .  at least there is someone on twitter that can civilly discuss this topic!	0
with all the big issues in london ,  glad mayor has his finger on the pulse of real pressing issues .  .  .  . 	1
somebody give me something to do please	0
is having an argument with siri because shes lonely and also very much mentally unstable	0
oh this is hard to watch	2
oh this is hard to watch	5
2 more weeks .  .  . 	1
is it worth watching  ? 	0
here we come	1
if you dont say hi i may start to develop a stu stu stuttering problem	0
i never really cared about read receipts ,  i dont owe anyone an explanation on why i didnt text back	0
hi tae i miss you you really you to be my homie fr but you switched up	2
hi tae i miss you you really you to be my homie fr but you switched up	1
youre welcome	0
how crazy that its 4 years this october since first solo tour come on gal time for another!!!	1
how crazy that its 4 years this october since first solo tour come on gal time for another!!!	3
how crazy that its 4 years this october since first solo tour come on gal time for another!!!	5
omg i want to but the tickets r so expensive	1
disappointing indeed .  .  .  go france anyway	0
good night bae if youre reading this ,  go to sleep now . 	0
me too	0
teka nakaka-guilty yata to  .  .  .  pero thanks rich for adding color to my life #aldub11thmonthsary	0
teka nakaka-guilty yata to  .  .  .  pero thanks rich for adding color to my life #aldub11thmonthsary	0
idk but lastnight was fun . 	0
its 11:09 am now	0
where the fuck is irwindale bluh	0
and im quite enjoying it .  d jabs dat come bfore d deadly punch ,  d scoreboard , ah wat a joy to behold! #alduboverloadkilig	0
why are choke ?  ?  ?  dont mean harm	2
why are choke ?  ?  ?  dont mean harm	5
i am at peace knowing i dont have to get up for school tomorrow	0
thick thighs save lives  .  .  .  remember that	0
when you meet a guy and they ask you what you want , n all you want is data they laugh and tell you ur too cute	1
when you meet a guy and they ask you what you want , n all you want is data they laugh and tell you ur too cute	1
link	5
like youre being kicked out of the door ,  forced to live on your own ?  i know youll achieve absolute adult mode someday	0
bout to go knockin on doors to see which of my neighbors is smoking	0
last follow up for my ankle was today! tomorrow i have my first appointment to see whats up with my shoulder tomorrow i cant win	0
like ive said before ,  im not fat ,  but my hips so fucking huge they make me look fat . 	1
as long as you take me this time	0
oh look .  .  . its funnys cousin not funny go blow something	1
hey julie ,  at the moment we arent due a re-stock but keep an eye on our website xx	0
ppl just continue to fuck up my trust	1
arrive to work and think ,  i just want to go home	1
ooooh exotic!	0
nothing nice	1
sushi sounds so bomb right now!	1
what parents  ? 	0
good thing about where i work is that im close to home so i can come home for break	0
ill just sell my kidney then	0
ive done it	0
chocolate galaxy and taco galore	0
exposed	3
people be expecting me to care about certain stuff .  thats where they mess up at . 	0
you know us so good! hello and good bye! hug and a kiss just for u good night good morning talk soon	0
my nigga  ,  what is sleep  ? 	0
thank you	0
nothing like needlessly spending an hour at newark airport because literally no one is reliable . 	2
nothing like needlessly spending an hour at newark airport because literally no one is reliable . 	4
of course you can call me that	0
i feel so lost havent watched the news this whole week . 	1
dont feel bad!! you did the right thing bae .  we got your back as always i love you!!!!	0
need to go buy some new fake lashes	0
i remember ready that text then falling asleep sowwy	0
what the .  .  .  ? 	0
we meshed well rajan	1
happy birthday twin enjoy and be safe . 	0
i feel like you shamin me so imma just say i was joking all along	0
wish sushi was waiting for me when i got home	1
shopping for my dorm fridayyy	0
wait this is bomb	1
i dont want to do it anymore	1
night time reminds me of why i wont miss this house when its time for me to leave	1
i know	0
nobody texting me #m	1
- curly hair - pretty - hl	0
achi ch a h	0
i know you have to have bout 1000 unread messages	0
i cant lie ,  i wish camp started at 10 like training did .  .  .  good morning tho yall	1
i hate when people cancel last minute	2
get to see my babaayyyy in 10 days	0
get to see my babaayyyy in 10 days	1
bitches be throwing shade ,  simply bcuz their hurt! youll get over it baby girl . 	0
bitches be throwing shade ,  simply bcuz their hurt! youll get over it baby girl . 	0
n still lukaku even does #bel #euro2016	0
why & stunting man	2
why & stunting man	4
thanks man!! im excited and nervous!	0
i get so excited to go to the gym until i actually get there	0
i miss && love you too	0
she blocked me and keep talking shit so i couldnt reply and it was never that deep shes so dramatic  ,  drama ass bitch	0
thats why you get drunk fast cause you be mixing	4
ate rather too al dente pasta tonight cos i was too hungry	3
ate rather too al dente pasta tonight cos i was too hungry	5
ty 4 the mention u r #twittersmostwanted follow tweep 2 #sharethelove! #socialmedia #success #agris…	0
i aint got beef with nobody but if they got beef with me they gone have beef with me forever:face_with_tears_of_joy:( cardib vc)	0
i aint got beef with nobody but if they got beef with me they gone have beef with me forever:face_with_tears_of_joy:( cardib vc)	0
im tired of pretentious people  .  can somebody be real for once like seriously bo	2
im tired of pretentious people  .  can somebody be real for once like seriously bo	4
caities story makes me cry huhu	1
sam + texas + #smallzysos	0
i will!! im def gonna try and see aly & fila because u rave about them so much i gotta see what the hype is all about	2
i almost went 5 but stub hub prices didnt lower for raw this afternoon! also i took a nap . 	0
really ?  what a surprise	2
i just wanna go shopping but being grown & having bills says other wise	1
wednesdays are my long days	1
shaun ,  dont u just feel like stuffing a banana into his a-hole	0
awww welcome dar	0
awww welcome dar	0
rooney tire pas  ? 	5
is officially my personal trainer . 	0
i am tuuuurrrrnnntttt	1
worse when youre texting them too	0
saw the conjuring 2 last night! it was actually scary as fuck and the director did n pretty awesome job .  .  . 	5
what she said	0
#obamadirectlyresponsiblefor ima just leave that hash tag alone yall dont wanna know my thoughts	0
absolute emotional mess watching the final few episodes of #skins season two .  rip chris i do hope sid found cassie!	1
whoa whoa whoa guess who hasnt watched the last 2 episodes of keeping up with the kardashians  ?  me  .  ill be right back	0
you think	2
todays gonna be fun because ill be in a car for 19-20 hours phoenix bound	0
todays gonna be fun because ill be in a car for 19-20 hours phoenix bound	0
i want u to follow me too so do it now !! bc ilysm more than food	2
i want u to follow me too so do it now !! bc ilysm more than food	4
#rockwiz first well take manhattan #cohen	0
yall ,  he answered .  . 	0
lol first day .  .  .  and its obvious thanks daisy! im excited! are you still in the city area ? !	0
lol first day .  .  .  and its obvious thanks daisy! im excited! are you still in the city area ? !	0
preciate it	0
the only threesome well be having is with zac efron	0
you retweeted samis post ? ! you both hate me! delete ,  delete!	2
sooo you grabbed your box right ? 	0
the game !!	1
ive been so good and nice to everyone i know my blessing coming	1
whats good for edinburgh is good for glasgow!	0
hey lil mama ur hot and i cant wait to see you friday	0
ooooop cant relate	0
same	0
i love!	0
i hate coming home late	1
damn son its so good	1
forreal !!! looking at us like were crazy . 	0
mum ,  he wouldnt know a love story if it hit him in the face	0
theres this game store close to where i live that sells all the super old systems/games .  hopefully they have it	1
insanlarin her detayini bilmek istemek hastalik mi ya . tell me your deepest secrets and your biggest fears your desires and wants	2
oh good i just ordered 10 of them i see them on everyone but theyre so affordable i figured there had to be a catch haha	0
my baby must be getting sick watery eyes and running nose .  or it could b allergies	1
why you tryna hurt me	1
i always do	0
#growingupwithmyname is your name spelled with one t or two ts	2
#growingupwithmyname is your name spelled with one t or two ts	4
thank you	0
lips so french ,  ass so spanish	0
cant cook	0
#gramfam20 got some baddies i see	0
really hooked and i upp with food today	0
made it out of surgery . 	0
since im at the registers im the first person ppl see when they come in too ,  and i have no answers for them	0
i have no sense of direction	1
just found a coin made almost 100 years ago	0
change of plan .  im gonna sleep now .  aint nobody got time to mandi	2
change of plan .  im gonna sleep now .  aint nobody got time to mandi	4
my boyfriends better than yours	0
you cool and cute and you always gave me the answers in 1st period ty for that we needa chill this summer	0
you cool and cute and you always gave me the answers in 1st period ty for that we needa chill this summer	0
you cool and cute and you always gave me the answers in 1st period ty for that we needa chill this summer	0
you cool and cute and you always gave me the answers in 1st period ty for that we needa chill this summer	0
will comes home next week havent seen him since high school #marinelife	1
ahhhhh!!!! still high off that win! ps .  i got you with an empanada and an alfajor cause you bae . 	0
ive done this before im so blind too lmao	1
lol no problem	0
ikr poor guy .  .  at least he isnt suffering on the dangerous wet grass .  . *silver lining	0
somebody pull up & match me ! im smoking out the sack	0
somebody pull up & match me ! im smoking out the sack	0
in such a bad mood people are actually incompetent	2
in such a bad mood people are actually incompetent	4
including my kylie lip kit	1
forget it!	0
holding butter	3
holding butter	5
be easy	0
this weekend is gonna be wellllllll needed	0
everybody just keep aggravating me	2
i keep walking around with no clothes on like im the only one who live in here	0
imy but you are always poppin	0
imy but you are always poppin	0
imy but you are always poppin	1
how will i see my son hoshi if sold out na agad ?  omg	1
good job he doesn’t take after me with footie skills thanks for the reply big man	0
sheesh have fun	0
couldnt even get out of bed for class .   .  .  i should have when to sleep last night . 	1
thank you mimi	0
sorry ,  ive been really existential crisis-y lately	1
i know who too cochina	0
i know who too cochina	0
i miss keandre	1
i never had henny i wanna see what the hype about	2
nothing sexier than a man that will reach out and grab your hand while surrounded by his boys	0
long vlogs are the best vlogs so dont worry about it	0
some ppl behavior is immature but i hope one day theyll come back . 	0
awesome	0
driving from downtown ann arbor to ypsilanti is the worst commute ever .  a 15 minute drive should not take 90 minutes .  we are not la!	2
i wish i was able to put on fake eyelashes	2
i wish i was able to put on fake eyelashes	5
we always into it i can be saying fuck him one minute the next b laid up w/ him he not going no where	0
im home alone and my mom didnt leave me any money	0
im so upset right now	1
thank you for the love and warm welcome to mga kimxi in chicago htt…	0
i hope this mans dreads fall out putting me in the dumbass situation and making me love your dumb ass	2
nice to know you too ,  simba! where is nala ? 	0
not even checking notifs yet	1
celebrities who go back and delete cryptic tweets only cause more suspicion	2
celebrities who go back and delete cryptic tweets only cause more suspicion	4
my clique thinks im a hoe but i never even held anyones hand	0
like let me sleep	1
i spilt water on my old one and had to return my loaner so no netflix for me	4
thats the plan	1
damn that racist	0
is interested let the games begin .  #whosemarlin #loveisland	0
hahah as long its funny can liao .  and of course must see got what celebrity as well . 	0
hahah as long its funny can liao .  and of course must see got what celebrity as well . 	0
so looking forward to saturday	0
thanks for following my twitter page	0
the lord was on her side that day	2
the lord was on her side that day	4
you leave work early and you off the weekend	0
finally got the younow notification to work so i dont miss ya but the clarity still isnt the best periscope is better . 	0
finally got the younow notification to work so i dont miss ya but the clarity still isnt the best periscope is better . 	1
my son was waiting up for me	1
bitch tf my tweets gettin deleted	4
ha ,  yes!	0
rap or country ? 	0
im trying to start a high-minded debate here ,  thank you very much . 	0
i miss my real hair man:loudly_crying_face::loudly_crying_face: .  i need to take my hair out	1
gotta stop playing & get back on my shit	2
fp1 over and i finished in p2 .  .  .   . 02 off pole and looks like fp2 is going to be a wet one	3
fp1 over and i finished in p2 .  .  .   . 02 off pole and looks like fp2 is going to be a wet one	5
youre way more of a threat no worries	0
that little girl is super cute	0
stealthyg now the uk has voted leave ,  ill plough my money into the eu by visiting europaparkuk more! (via twitter …	0
hi arturo! were working on a web platform and will let you know any future updates .  thanks for your patience!	0
i just need someone whos down to ride with me at anytime of the night and sing old songs with me	1
i respect the shooters	0
you aint even have to do that	4
oh nah ,  you didnt get away ,  im just setting it up perfect .  your life will change forever in 2 1/2 weeks .  next level . 	2
never stop believing! / janeoineza soonon puma	0
yeah its like once in a lifetime shes the mom	0
you missed your chance med	1
11:11 today	0
greeennn	0
idk tbh	0
when you see ppl trying to flirt ,  lmfao embarrassing	0
ahhhhh it was amazing!! that wouldve been so much fun seeing u there!	1
bronte becoming the next aaryn #bb18	2
bronte becoming the next aaryn #bb18	4
so my mum didnt laugh at this chef wan/chef dont want meme	0
"do you tweet donald trump" grandpa wtf	0
haha you dont see what we see and a week sounds just as great	0
haha you dont see what we see and a week sounds just as great	0
haha you dont see what we see and a week sounds just as great	0
i have that shirt! hail thinkgeek!	0
go get it tiger	0
its your fault got me started	1
wait til i get thick yeen gon be able to tell me shit im already a 5 wait for that glo	0
somizi guys	0
somizi guys	0
thank you! a tbh barca is pretty good	0
thank you! a tbh barca is pretty good	0
oh well i cant be here suffering alone !! im done till 2 now anyway i live round the corner might go have a nap	0
oh well i cant be here suffering alone !! im done till 2 now anyway i live round the corner might go have a nap	1
have fun!	0
i want to learn drumssss	1
watching matilda .  this movie is honestly so sad	1
still got this headache	1
thats what i said instead of going to the police	2
i love lorde so much how can people dislike her	1
yea im straight fool	0
do be gone too long	1
idk which one i want to choose	1
so ready for monday morning .  .  .  probably the first time thats ever been said	0
red lobster	0
i love thomas rhett because the girl in every single one of his music videos is his wife	1
i am only on chapter 30 so far . 	0
i dont work today bless	0
these kids are seriously misbehaving  .  .  .  i cannot right now!	2
these kids are seriously misbehaving  .  .  .  i cannot right now!	4
a little while ago i typed out my feelings about someone .  ive deleted the note .  .  .  and i think i need to read it more now than i did then	4
im literally crine .  this is soooo petty	0
the men are jealous of him thats who booing him	0
i do not want them to win lol all need bragging rights all summer 16	0
let go and let god	0
i hope youre having a peaceful day if ur reading this	0
new header	0
so sweet!	0
that taylor gang found ice kid	0
thanks sweetheart for literally temaning me this morning till i go school	0
thanks	0
what you mean ? 	1
i seriously cant process this . 	1
i got to work quick af ,  and still dont have time to get food	1
sickening . 	4
la gypn ? 	2
getting out of bed this morning was very painful	1
z ,  looking at all the tweets about his haha aw .  anyway ,  [schedules appointment for vernon to shave it off again]	0
i have my old exo poster but it makes me cry looking at it	1
because we are smart ass people -nenek .   .  .  .  and beautiful	0
yes punna	0
im up & ready to watch oitnb but cant because my kids are nosey & want to be watching what im watching!	2
im up & ready to watch oitnb but cant because my kids are nosey & want to be watching what im watching!	4
i want to get my nails done again	0
yeah i slept like 7h .  wow ,  thats a lot for me	0
a nigga w/a pussy ,  how disgraceful	2
a nigga w/a pussy ,  how disgraceful	4
ooooo fuuuuck that sounds so good!!! i wanna try	0
high key wanna die	0
mexico tomorrow! im gonna miss haro so much	1
what	0
nothing but mad love li bro blood couldnt make us any closer	0
i stay getting in trouble for no reason	2
sitting at this dance competition makes me miss dance so much	1
my money feels better than a relationship at this point in my life	0
giving a shout out to jeph loeb & marisol garcia 4 their generosity & kindness .  #thankyou 4 taking such good care of me .  #agentsofshield	0
be someones first and last call of the day . 	0
thank god it was just a dream	0
like hey let me just casually whip out my headphones to listen to all your snap stories	2
like hey let me just casually whip out my headphones to listen to all your snap stories	4
breakfast for dinner	0
yall .  oitnb is making me really sad .  i feel so bad for lolli	1
wait! that tiny picture of conor sammon was our kit reveal too ?  christ	0
yall quote yall sc names	0
omfg slay how are yall so talented ?  i sound like a dying whale what even	1
omfg slay how are yall so talented ?  i sound like a dying whale what even	0
thank you ,  dylan!	0
they really are .  im lowish blood sugar too	1
did you get yourself caught in your zipper and need stitches ? 	0
bring me some	0
happy birthday	0
girl it is mfs just sick	2
girl it is mfs just sick	4
im going to bed fr soon as ayanna get off this phone	1
y would he wake me up this early	2
y would he wake me up this early	4
i didnt even hear u or else i wouldve died w the sound of your precious voice	1
- got a fucking headache	1
- got a fucking headache	4
happy birthday to my "cousin" and the funniest hoe i know thanks for all the rides you give me!!	0
its so hot outside	1
if only you knew	0
if only you knew	1
today was the most exhausting day of my life & im so happy to be climbing into bed . 	1
i can quite honestly im heart broken	1
obliques and calves are in bits today after my 1-1 working on footwork and head movement	1
yall finished ?  or yall done ? 	0
thanks! but no ones gonna follow me at 11:08 in the night . 	1
fr! ?  i cant drink flavored vodka anymore	0
fr! ?  i cant drink flavored vodka anymore	4
& my manager just said i cant get those days off	1
yay!! im like three hours from stl but we can road trip to see a game or something	0
youre going in hey	0
how you ?  im just contemplating getting up and writing .  after a nice cuppa that is	0
but said to "let you live . "	0
im so happy rn	1
we have 2 extra tickets for the beach boys on wednesday night .  $60 for both .  youll be sitting next to us	0
blanket burritos are usually a go-to when im sad but its too hot	1
just about to have a sexy wank over your pics #firstwank #fetish #sexyfucker	0
all yall on gs dick ,  where yall sorry ass teams at ? !! at home watching with draymond green while the king harass these peasants	0
i watched it!! damn ,  it was scary! especially when valak smiled and the crooked man tho	1
i watched it!! damn ,  it was scary! especially when valak smiled and the crooked man tho	1
i watched it!! damn ,  it was scary! especially when valak smiled and the crooked man tho	5
miss my lil cousin	1
bff coming back to chavez	0
omg your dp	0
wearing loose fitting clothing today so i can stuff my face all day	0
atleast potatoes look good	0
i need followers that love edm as much as me or possibly more but still send them over here i need new…	1
i need followers that love edm as much as me or possibly more but still send them over here i need new…	1
ill be 24 this year old af	1
that looks like something have created for a 80s neon party	0
nope ,  i dont think the board really know either .  currently putting advert on linkedin for a new manager!	0
yuhuuuu thank you	0
yuhuuuu thank you	0
urime bro	0
at least its finally friday	1
want some more now and laters . 	1
then who	2
then who	4
are you all guys preparing ur #stalker poses selfies for tmrws #kissmeselcaday  ? 	0
my babes andu this and that needs to come back to manchester ah turkey is boring	1
people that post videos of themselves singing or doing nothing but have music play have no taste at all	0
cheer season coming soon finally !	1
i wish my dogs didnt kill birds so they could cuddle with me in bed	2
i wish my dogs didnt kill birds so they could cuddle with me in bed	4
do you know where p .  sherman 42 wallaby way ,  sydney ,  australia is ?  if not ,  follow me .  i love you! 38	0
i love when people come to the gym for social hour #annoying #doyouevenlift	2
i love when people come to the gym for social hour #annoying #doyouevenlift	4
you crazy fam	2
you crazy fam	1
this weather sucks	0
well warm wash rag my dear and oth!	0
i give up	1
i colored and cut my hair lol	0
i know	1
#mixedgrill note to self stop eating when you are full	0
iky ,  he fucked up	0
there you go	0
rk yon .  hahahahah! as in rich kid .  shut up na lang tayo coz were poor .  we cant afford to buy those thing na meron siya . 	1
why am i just waking up  ? 	0
mar roxas is taking over social media by storm	0
- they feeling all on him	0
anyone wanna see g eazy with me in july	0
eddie jones should be the england football coach ,  will do a better job	2
sharks are so cute	1
- sis4eva you know i got you and vice versa	0
how he treat you is how he feel about you	0
morning joanne xxxx	0
i love talking in percentages	0
really wish i was in texas right now doing some rebel stuff w my best  ; )	2
babysitting 2 high mfs right now	0
k im done for now	0
and fathers day sunday omg were getting litttttt	1
you cant be like that man	0
that cr7-quaresma combo tho	0
ha! indeed we are	0
rip to sleep . 	1
ah ,  thats pretty cool .  lucky you!	0
we thought he booked it but it was too late .  & somebody else is having theirs	1
henny	2
when was this	0
am i only one still calling this "smiles" " emoticon  ?  x3	0
fuck it man ion fw the cavs but im happy for kyrie cus thats my baby  .  .  .  i really was pushing for gsw tho  .  gone on ky	1
she was a dike on top of that wit a du-rag on ha head	1
wish someone would hit my phone	1
anna mae mama so outta line for selling her out to ike .  every time i see this part i get pissed . 	1
i feel that	1
bww sounds so good	1
cant play defense	0
i hate ap	2
really missing my bffs .  .  we need a sleepover or something . 	1
pls dont get swept	1
this all started on my tweet and then you came along and d/e like always	2
this all started on my tweet and then you came along and d/e like always	4
i love you nancy	0
the lightsaber broke off my ezra infinity figure	1
miss u too .  dont get drunk there teh ,  wala kami to take care of you	0
damm peep new avi	0
you work and work to get place and in just a few moments ,  that all can change .  reevaluating everything right now . 	0
wym everytime i wanna go u brookes	0
a haul!!	0
maybe im crazy ,  crazy about you	0
drake	0
i came home from work to a sleep gf and im leaving a still sleep gf tired ass	1
when your baby sis about to be your new coworker	0
your morning routine is awesome! lol love the boys dancing	0
● teen top - debut ,  2010 - rocking (bust out them footwork - no more perfume on you - l . joe - chunji i hate u	0
● teen top - debut ,  2010 - rocking (bust out them footwork - no more perfume on you - l . joe - chunji i hate u	0
● teen top - debut ,  2010 - rocking (bust out them footwork - no more perfume on you - l . joe - chunji i hate u	1
ill take you to go see it babe when im off	0
i think she mean what size shoe we wear	0
i had a long night last night/morning and im just really tired now	1
hes awesome .  super funny! happy birthday bb	0
hes awesome .  super funny! happy birthday bb	0
im so hungry	1
i think thats like ep 3 or something bbz	0
slumpy f .  baby	1
i know i see got7 and bts in them	0
sperm donor	1
i cant deal with it	0
heaven	0
thx honey #batb	0
hey clara! sure ,  could you re-send it so i can have it at the top of my list please	0
i been on the low low getting my shit together	0
justine doesnt wanna go out with me tonight	1
oh shit me tiraron al medio	5
i wish you all the best .  say hey for me .  .  .  and dont die	0
just got stung by a jelly fish & now my hands all swelled up	1
i wanna go back to graduation night at house	0
just finished chef luisa fernandes narrative in #foodandthecity and now im like all #forcaportugal	1
stomach feel weak	1
me ,  myself ,  and i	0
how do u even rt ur own tweets	0
"you ever have wine and dove chocolate on your mouth ?  its always a good time . " -@oliviamariee	0
which one do i get ? 	0
i want a caesar salad so bad	0
if only i get a chance to meet my fav actor/actress in every show ive watched	1
bout to get more sun tomorrow , so ready to be burnt . 	3
bout to get more sun tomorrow , so ready to be burnt . 	5
cereal isnt fulfilling unless i drink the milk ,  but there was a freaking eyelash in my milk so now im gonna be cranky all day	1
o shit! happy birthday bro miss you!!	0
yeah! thank you	0
it wasnt even that funny lol	1
ive got the shakes .  im about to steal my moms car .  just kidding	0
drinking champagne and its not that bad	0
welcome to twitter . 	0
its not easy working with 3 mailboxes today was hectic	1
its not easy working with 3 mailboxes today was hectic	5
bruh i gotta get some chapstick asap .  i ran out saturday and booooy	1
get emmmmm	0
thank u for the allowance pang love u super	0
2am in vegas	0
im bummed	1
sorry .  xx	0
thankyou	0
apparently we needed to see this guy with him soooo .  .  .  tumblr larries im counting on you	0
i wouldve but work got an open day booked anyway! im on it	2
i wouldve but work got an open day booked anyway! im on it	4
this past month ive had strep throat ,  a speeding ticket and now an oral infection summer 16 has been truly memorable!!!!	0
my outfit was cute so i cant just wear tennis shoes with them	1
hhhaaahhaa even in the bible there was money	0
lol you said some snacks silly and i dont need them	0
good night din po	0
you okay #hun  ? 	0
i wanna go see finding dory	1
thank fuck a never went to m&ds today	3
thank fuck a never went to m&ds today	5
shoutout to my main on bringing home the hardware for the 4th year in a row .  you killed it #4peat	0
my cousin knew the burner had a body on it and he still bodied the strap	0
im not sorry for all the pictures of me and my little twin ,  im just so obsessed with her	0
lol the ppl that unfollow then u unfollow too then they expect u to follow back when they refollow again	0
its sad that we didnt have much time to get along today . 	1
after a nice date my day ends well	0
a/c in the house is broken and its stupid hot tomorrow	1
only person who understands is my bestfriend	2
only person who understands is my bestfriend	4
its always a nice morale booster when someone notices you going hulk in the gym	0
like goodmorning text phone blew up when im not replying fast enough paragraphs just because falling asleep on the phone	0
like goodmorning text phone blew up when im not replying fast enough paragraphs just because falling asleep on the phone	1
no .  just judging by kwang soos behavior in the past .  he always betrays .  thats why hes my favorite . 	0
oh bitchhh k bye	2
oh bitchhh k bye	4
truth	0
when you dont want to go to work but you have to be an adult . 	1
why are u even going back and fourth . 	0
i really dont wanna leave newyork	1
well i say loads .  people are expecting a lot .  some people want rick chop	0
thank you for sharing with us	0
about to cook me up some fish and grits . 	0
england will get kicked out of europe twice in a week now ,  after iceland . 	0
i appreciate those who holla me cos im bad at texting	1
wishing you a very happy birthday	0
its only 11:45	1
when your kids are overprotective	0
happy birthday!!! i hope its hella sweet	0
only reason lmao	0
thats how they do	0
she is seriously goals ,  jo!	1
why do i care so much about someone who doesnt give a crap about me	1
thank u my nigga def wanted this n her slut friend see it but they irrelevant so idk they names	0
yall having a good time ? 	0
haish my parents dont seem to impressed with my invention	1
hahah im a mess	0
i won about 64 dollars in loteria so happy!	1
those who truly care stay around even when they dont need too	0
cannot .  i have no shirts for tomorrow or the day after	0
i know .  i was wondering was i one of the guilty party thats retweeting this person . 	0
i have a white leather bed and my niece will walk all on my shit with her shoes	2
is it a book about owls ? 	0
just spent a good 45 minutes trying to chase and dispose of a massive roach in our room the stress	1
its so fucking hot in my room im ready to fight	1
its so fucking hot in my room im ready to fight	1
this boy is a clown	0
the person answering is actually the black skirts cho hyu-il!	0
its sad that you think i was born yesterday a lot of ppl know your relationship	0
its sad that you think i was born yesterday a lot of ppl know your relationship	0
i will be headed to work in 12 hours	0
cant believe i just got stood up	2
cant believe i just got stood up	4
right ,  im bouta start an escorting service for ladys with broken hearts	0
see you soon	0
lmao youre the one reaching saying it was sold out	0
i miss you better come visit us at some games	1
i miss you better come visit us at some games	1
why not the heteronormative way ?  hahaha	0
manje these messenger messages just pop up all over your screen ? 	0
carlisle ,  with the cathedral in the background ,  got the weather spot on!	0
tell me if there are so i dont	0
also knowing you can go home and binge watch oitnb	0
fat ppl annoying huh friend  ?  fat black ppl at that	0
body goals	0
#lrt mara di man o runnang this blesserfinder account wa nyela , does he want woman objectified ?  mxm smh what a wanker	2
#lrt mara di man o runnang this blesserfinder account wa nyela , does he want woman objectified ?  mxm smh what a wanker	4
phone dry	1
i know your to busy .  cant wait until you have more free time	0
i know your to busy .  cant wait until you have more free time	1
give him a dipa and he’ll be out	2
give him a dipa and he’ll be out	5
i miss you too but in the cutt grinding ,  im either at both my jobs or training so no free ti…	1
naturally waking up at 4:30am on saturday might be my least favorite part of this schedule .  .  .  #whyamiawake #help	1
omg i am dying	0
lolol thats the year i was born	0
this lil boy just moving	1
sorry ummi ,  your daughter is quite hopeless and useless	1
good sleep all day ! lol	2
good sleep all day ! lol	4
so many females trynna kick it like fifa	4
i must go to a drive in before summer is over	1
seriously ,  texting would be easier . 	0
ate an amazing meal at my neighborhood spot ghandi mahal .  indian heat got me sweating! #vindaloo eat spicy hot fire to stay cool =	0
lets just keep that under our hats! #turnamc #renewturn	0
dont be like what	0
wrestling in the mud was lit even tho i couldnt drop the person bc he was twice as big as me	2
just listening to beyoncé and really wishing i was going to see her	1
love you hailey	1
one good thing about having a twin size bed is when i bring shawty over ,  she got no choice but to get on top	0
my adapter finally got here so now i can use my laptop	0
smrookies ent launch cheering bless sm with ths awesome app! after using smr ent for few days gdi this app have so many bugs .  fck	0
this music is horrifically perfect for my current interesting . 	0
nota toppp . 	0
youre so pretty	0
after 2 damn years ,  i finally cut my hair	1
thanks! that will be tomorrows soundtrack	0
theyre gone for so long	1
i was looking like a straight clown when i dyed it yesterday lol all i could say was jesus christ	0
really dont wanna work tomorrow	1
really dont wanna work tomorrow	5
when will this michael jordan meme die	1
wth .  hillary calling jack with details as if hes her husband .  #yr	4
i miss you too	1
my mom aint playing no games	0
next week ulit guys! i hope nagenjoy kayo	0
you are so beautiful de joe cocker	0
youre hilarious	0
nice to hear we have another kohls at uc ,  well surely say hi! #bboletsgo	0
im so sleepy didnt really get nothing but 2hrs of sleep	1
im dead ass .  .  weird ass old white lady	1
feeling salty as fuck right now .  theres a dent on my car door . 	4
schoolboy qs new album cover	0
#ripchristinagrimmie im actually in shock right now .  ive been following her journey for years now and i just cant believe shes gone	1
happy birthday to one of my mains finally 21 so you can hang with the rest of the crew ,  lets partaaay .  love youuu!	0
true story	0
i did .  this year will be our 10th anniversary . 	0
i was so tiny	1
i hate all men	0
got called in for work tomorrow ,  even god knew i didnt wanna go to that party	0
die sunni	2
die sunni	4
ima die my hair again  .  . 	0
come on smith	2
come on smith	4
as hearts would make the day break	0
france really colonized the fuck out of africa and then they know how to be racist even to black french(-speaking) people .  yhu abelungu	0
she has been trying to kill us this whole time	2
she has been trying to kill us this whole time	4
someone me a good girl cus i cant find any	0
blessed goodmorning	0
im tired of apologizing to people bc i have to deal w personal issues . 	1
ose ta vie avec amour & confiance in french ,  it sound sooo sweet	0
yes im there .  electric factory too	0
had a good ass night wit baby	0
ft dmoney	0
haha ,  i like "randy , " you dont hear it much these days . 	0
make this as a patch so i can put it in my jean jacket! please	1
im not bout to start this shit with you today people gone eventually just become 1 big race	0
i miss you and cant wait to hang out soon .  oh and youre gorgeous af	0
cute	0
my tape really gon b like dat im tryin to tell yall	2
just need some food	0
i need to start going to crackle barrel to see ya cute ass	0
it just ended "can we watch the next one ?  ?  ? "	0
damn yo ,  when you single & want some but youre a girl & have morals .  . 	1
if i lay here .  if i just lay here .  wala ako matatapos	1
im not stun a bitch ass thing but some hoe get out yo feelings	0
my fucking head hurts	1
you welcome	0
what if i get a quote or something ? 	1
one bitch ass nigga will have you questioning every nigga that comes across you ,  analyzing everything	2
one bitch ass nigga will have you questioning every nigga that comes across you ,  analyzing everything	5
i think this time her behaviour depends on what pr team ask to	0
up .  .  for a short time thought i had a little tan but i guess it was just my suffocating me or something	1
not sure whats going on in my twitter account .  i end up tweeting some things i intend to say .  sorry .  may kusa ?  ganda yan . 	0
you were not mistaken	0
try to get that ass to pay after all he was the one who broke you but then maybe you shouldnt have picked him up oh well	0
"niggas bitches if you snitch ill have lil bro do you dirty"	2
happy marnella day! we will wait for your comeback as a loveteam . 	0
got a new number also if you ever need to hmu just dm me for it	0
deion said he was proud of me ,  i actually started crying	1
im really a baby even when im getting older ,  im not	1
im really a baby even when im getting older ,  im not	1
how are you gonna go 3 months without it	3
how are you gonna go 3 months without it	5
lol thank you	0
azealia banks needs to publish a cookbook the creations she snapchats are perfect	0
azealia banks needs to publish a cookbook the creations she snapchats are perfect	1
the only good thing about having a sister thats vegetarian is that she doesnt eat all your food anymore	0
lmao man its so beautiful out here	1
every time with this mans family	1
#change is beautiful well done , 	1
why did i not know of the band called daughter before ?  the lyrics .  the voice . 	0
when im in a relationship in not cheating at all but when im single im completely not shit at all!	0
when im in a relationship in not cheating at all but when im single im completely not shit at all!	1
watching family feud	0
the only national bird ,  i acknowledge ngumleqwa	1
its official the little feeling i had in my thumb is completely gone	0
yah ,  we do	0
ugh why is job searching so hard	2
ugh why is job searching so hard	4
i really be trappin off the iphone	0
tell her to talk to me before she ends up getting mixed	0
i hate everyone whos at the beach right now . 	0
ill ring for panduh coach ,  put me in	0
what is it then	2
what is it then	4
this boy said im ratchet but classy oh my	0
i got white cheddar cheese itz too	0
grind	0
and were off! see you soon	0
oh and sea world since there probably wont be one for very long since they arent breeding their orcas anymore hmu if u…	0
havent seen tay all day wheres my nigga	1
havent seen tay all day wheres my nigga	4
hello ,  thank you for following me . 	0
so much to pay for yet no money	1
its bad i wanna play guitar hero  ? 	1
when i ask for sum please just do it  ,  why the shit always gotta be up for discussion	2
when i ask for sum please just do it  ,  why the shit always gotta be up for discussion	4
lucy is a full 75lbs of lay on the bed with you and flop around and snort and growl while you love on her	0
ya but then what am i going to do when i finish it ?  ? 	1
what u mean dont match earthy	0
thanx!	0
i just wanna go see a good movie ,  visit an art exhibit or go on a roadtrip	2
honestly cant wait for my kits to come in .  .  .  cant wait to film the swatches	0
this just made my day thank you my love	1
lol he in jail rn  .  . 	3
lol he in jail rn  .  . 	5
thankyou and happy fathers day	0
so just punched me in his sleep and said "boom bitch .  .  .  " the things he does while sleeping	0
if i was a babymother my babyfather would be getting the bomb today .  lol	0
mike think im the craziest thing	0
my life would turn upside down if i had a baby	3
my life would turn upside down if i had a baby	5
oh come on you know me already	0
at least you have company !! im watching it on my own	0
its only one stylist i trust here to do it .  she was really good about being kind to my edges and she is booked until july	1
yall make a nigga laugh non stop on this ho bo	0
thankyou very much!!	0
i need me a job asap or ion got a choice but to get me a sugar daddy	1
yet youre still stalking my page  .  .  .  k bye .  and yeah you did	0
#prayfororlando thoughts and prayers with the families of the victims	1
omg thank god because other people done eat it like that and think im weird because of it	1
happy birthday to us! #happybirthdayarianagrande	0
fingers crossed for the surgery! making me feel very lazy in comparison	0
i love a guy with a long vocabulary	0
you a hoe on the low low	0
chocked about the #euref results and i feel a bit sick	4
i swear she just gave me all da tea yall missed me  ? 	0
thank god for this rain because it was too damn hot	1
my fucking eyes watery	2
my fucking eyes watery	4
u very thats a little taste of ireland hope you will enjoy	0
albanians are the best seriously	0
this made me laugh	0
im so upset rn i feel like im gonna get sick	0
welcome love	0
the ball just sticks to hamsiks feet some head on him all the same #baller	0
oh no .  thats no bueno	1
the best part of it is that super hero kemal discovered that his sister is a trash	0
mine & g day in 21 hours & 26 minutes	0
- i did not kno i been knowing u tht long dms go way bck lol .  u my nigga on god i fwu but imma need my shit back	0
- i did not kno i been knowing u tht long dms go way bck lol .  u my nigga on god i fwu but imma need my shit back	2
niggas really think they can distract me with weed like nooo u have to take me on an actual date u bozo	1
these boys be so cute they girlfriends be lookin like	0
now blow me a kiss . 	0
my baby gettin thick asf	0
havent eaten since yesterday morning you can all hear my stomach growling	0
ikr! we are so fucked up	0
ikr! we are so fucked up	2
ikr! we are so fucked up	4
life is disturbingly unfair in every way .  .  . 	4
golds front desk girl	1
you dont start something with an opponent whose strength you dont know . 	0
im not	0
you can take your words and all your lies	0
when people say leche they look at me	0
so shocked to hear what happened to christina grimmie .  .  .  what kind of world are we living in ?  truly awful .  #ripchristina	1
ah you got the job! congrats and have fun xx	0
add schoolboy q on snapchat his shit is hella funny	0
nothing worse than ordering a steak quesadilla from and getting chicken	1
post who you want 9:00  .  .  .  .  .  .  umma pray for some of yall in relationships better hope u dont get posted by someone else	0
wrestling & squash .  i can sort of walk now good thinking last night	3
wrestling & squash .  i can sort of walk now good thinking last night	5
yo donna is my fave suckin dick extra good to prove a point ?  ?  thats whole new level of petty #blackink	0
that ending .  .  why do i have to wait another #oitnb	1
that ending .  .  why do i have to wait another #oitnb	1
hooray for insomnia	1
im not old ,  just motherly! and i think ahead .  lol okay ,  maybe i am old	0
single handedly saved lebrons legacy jokes aside though crazy game haha	0
happy fathers day to all dads and single moms and to our father almighty	0
yesssss we did imma really miss you to	1
i hope my baby made it to her interview (drunk ass	0
where & how can i resign from this life thing ? 	2
where & how can i resign from this life thing ? 	4
3 more weeks	5
aw thank you so much it was great to see you all!	0
im really gonna miss you! you always made me feel good i wont have anybody else to pick on ,  i love y…	1
there has been at least one milf here every time ive been off need to land one	0
omg luckily someones w me i dont have to be dead	1
coming to the gym even slightly hungover is such a bad idea	1
why does everyone in this family think everyone will listen to me if i say something	0
josh do ball hog	0
jon sat on my dick today just to hotbox a car	1
sammy doesnt agree with any of fact checking . 	0
fuck your features	0
awe okay now i know ill have to go over soon . 	0
i was expecting more out of this season	1
someone come watch finding dory with me	1
my cousin looking good in her profile pic!	0
going to see finding dory today	0
hale count to 10 and breath	2
hale count to 10 and breath	4
im tryna go skate in long beach	0
i wanna eat her out just like some waffle house i sneak the bitch inside my mama house	0
your welcome	0
cover up tat	0
feeling depressed ?  listen to one directions first two cds .  instant feel good music .  #thankgodtheygrewup	0
thanks mane	1
not my situation to be puttin my nose into ,  but i have a feelin she knows its about her & thats enough for me	0
less than a month to panic!	0
wait no no i just died again .  ifh	0
happy birthday girl!!! mines this sunday hope you enjoy your day	0
happy birthday girl!!! mines this sunday hope you enjoy your day	0
cant wait	0
why is there a whole case of beer in the fridge  ?  why not hennessy ?  1800  ?  i dont drink beer	2
why is there a whole case of beer in the fridge  ?  why not hennessy ?  1800  ?  i dont drink beer	4
always thought you were important paul! haha cant wait to see you again in august!	0
always thought you were important paul! haha cant wait to see you again in august!	0
then how u let him have another girl	0
do you remember what i said when you asked me ? 	0
do you remember what i said when you asked me ? 	0
brisk apple is bomb	0
okay bet	0
y does every1 take things so srsly omg chill tf out its a joke	2
y does every1 take things so srsly omg chill tf out its a joke	4
fancy a trip to london so i can meet next month	0
it sucks when you lose all respect for someone you actually really liked	1
dont wanna stay home	1
 .  . with brows on fleek . 	0
i miss verizon so much	1
oh no! im assuming what you were trying to restore was after the 4 and before a 6 .  im really sorry	0
- bet awards gone be lit tonight	0
crazy how you have your preference on what kind of child you want as far as boy/girl but the choice aint even yours . 	1
the silage grab you mean ?  ?  aaargh firewood *face palm * you know when they have a great yeah that phil unhappy	0
the silage grab you mean ?  ?  aaargh firewood *face palm * you know when they have a great yeah that phil unhappy	1
migraines are the worst	2
migraines are the worst	4
jesse t usher	0
nothing watching this movie with melody what you got up  ? 	0
matt hardy	2
matt hardy	4
watching movies with females are	3
once you try a regular one ,  one with turkey or bacon is	0
and im glad ,  i want to keep him at #ajax	0
take me back to last summer	1
me tooooooooo	0
lol youre lame .  but youre my favorite kind of lame so its ok youre funny ,  and i skunked you on 2k	0
she got jorges skin tone im so happy for you mrs .  paez	0
saw last night .  oh my god she was amazing!! #formationworldtour	0
hes got a 2 . 9 era close to that so hes definitely doing better than he i thought he was doing	0
be still ,  my already-crushing heart!	0
chik fil a it issssssss	0
i wish i woulda know sooner i wanted to go to jb so bad	1
dont worry ,  were ready to welcome you . 	0
sadly everything including ramzan is commercialized now . 	1
i want to take pictures but no model around	4
got a good point	0
liberal humanism ?  how to start you po  ? 	1
so i just found out dora wasnt worth the 10 year wait highly disappointed #dora	2
so i just found out dora wasnt worth the 10 year wait highly disappointed #dora	4
time to start a feast for crows	0
that young thug impression	0
ill watch lifetime all day	1
its days like today that i praise my self for not being a smoker .  right now id smoke anything ,  nicotine ,  weed ,  crack .  .  .  even candles	4
one of my biggest pet peeves is getting group snaps .  like only snap me if you actually wanna talk to me	0
oh really .  it must be like 40 then . 	0
i do the same type of stuff	0
lol everything ya doing i got first	0
jo you really sounded like a cornball saying "a walk in the park"	0
im so glad i prayed .  .  i felt so safe .  .  i barely survived day 2 1 more day & i have to go all out!!! gonna miss u edc16	1
omg anton yelchin from like crazy has died .  one of my fav movies .  only 27 .  .  .  rip	1
im starting to see a change after my lifts then when i wake up the next day im like fuck i need to get bigger	1
i seriously hate summer and mainly because no matter where you go or what day its always gonna be busy	2
she does	0
that being said ,  ezekiel elliott and alfred morris in a cowboys uniform is making jerry look like a football guru	3
that being said ,  ezekiel elliott and alfred morris in a cowboys uniform is making jerry look like a football guru	5
very nice i like your music !!! you must follow . your dream to be a big star kiddo .  go 4 it !!! you will go far	0
maybe byokp (bring your own kiddie pool)	0
my dream of letting go of a floating lantern is about to come true	0
its for the best	1
same asf	1
yeah baby 498-4500	0
so awful #ripronancostello	1
oh sorry i was too busy thinking about my cat to hear what you had to complain about	0
otw to the crib	1
loooooooooooooool fair enough	0
yes skip how ya didling	0
beyond welcome! gotcha covered	0
damn! so boring!!	4
game 7 im feelin it lets get it lebron	2
things can never go my way	1
damn next week itll be 3 years already	1
went by too fast	0
why is scared of the dark	0
but your not crossing no one	0
i been moved on .  that tweet was funny tho . 	0
but at subway ?  i woulda rather bought a drink or sumn!	1
well keep eating them lol	2
well keep eating them lol	4
he trynna make a snap wit no phone	0
and does everyone down wind from that get super high ? 	0
so many controversies	1
13 more days until i leave for #baltimore for the #bronycon i hope i get to meet there i will be so happy	0
13 more days until i leave for #baltimore for the #bronycon i hope i get to meet there i will be so happy	0
#veranomtv2016 5 seconds of summer	2
ha you got me bent	0
before you know it we will all be back in preston wishing we werent!	0
before you know it we will all be back in preston wishing we werent!	1
fake ,  fake ,  fake .  gassing w/o me	2
fake ,  fake ,  fake .  gassing w/o me	4
big to mha no1 africanrapking:crown: .  . 	0
my boys constantly eat aint no starving round here	2
someone has me addicted to twitter now & him	0
something doesnt feel right	1
mykas room will be complete tomorrow holy	0
montez during this #game7 &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; 	0
thanks bro	0
lmfao i dont love that man  ,  it just sounded good yes i enjoy his company	0
lmfao i dont love that man  ,  it just sounded good yes i enjoy his company	0
we need it more than air ,  well not really but you get me	0
this headache needs to go away	1
miss you! lets do something soon!! ? 	1
why cant all my family get along	1
loling this again smh	0
its sooo cold in my house	3
its sooo cold in my house	5
i bet that keyboards a mass of germs !	4
loooooool ade i was planning to watch this movie high too ffs .  im not on it now . 	1
me too are you going to keith urban	1
ive never been happier than i am currently . 	0
act tomorrow & im still up	1
toothbrush	0
so hungry	1
well thats stupid . 	2
well thats stupid . 	4
aw ,  thanks darragh!!	0
thanks boo	0
your always beautiful luce	0
because people are idiots	0
why didnt they win last year they had lebron oh yea kyrie wasnt there okay i gt it now	0
i be a savage all day then get in my feelings on some late night shit . 	1
not even 12 and me and my dad are takin shots off henny	0
tryna learn how to do make up &lt ;  stressful!	1
so if you want to act like that ,  fine .  madali akong kausap . 	0
yo uglass	0
reading a book first published in 1871 . 	2
reading a book first published in 1871 . 	4
cant stand ignorant people ,  get the fuck off your high horse	0
im so sad i missed fgl last night its been a dream to watch them in concert	1
sc its_kaygirl	1
but we talked about youngup when we followed each other	0
stop trinna run game on mfs whove mastered it	0
good night josh and juli	0
bring me back panades lol	1
fine	0
my "lebron could take a turd on the floor and not get thrown out . "	0
youtube might be the death of me one day! if i get paid for the amount of videos i watch a day ,  i would be a multi billionaire!	0
i swear ,  my husband cannot catch a break . 	1
well aware im pathetic i just dont care youre literally a piece of you started it	0
and my night ends good	0
awwww arnt they adorable! look at them big brown eyes we are all good thanks x	0
wont be a better chance	1
so apparently im having a birthday party i dont want with a theme that i dont want and i cant even have the dj that i want	4
hmu for plans	0
really dont feel like working this 12-5	1
i guess we can share & same! starbucks always sounds bomb	0
official hashtag for today! #aldubthesender	0
i really need to do something about this heat damage	1
i really need to do something about this heat damage	4
oh oh	3
hehehe we missed ya today!!	0
so many preparations even if my debut is still six months away	1
so many preparations even if my debut is still six months away	5
i just got home im bout to text you	0
thanks for the oil change	0
going to home depot to get that pipe	0
what you read describes who you are!	0
i have a job interview pray for me	2
i have a job interview pray for me	5
lolz .  he might already have one for aug	0
see you tomo mnl will miss my hometown	1
see you tomo mnl will miss my hometown	1
i sing it loudly and off-key in my car . 	0
were gonna be so late	2
were gonna be so late	4
welcome to new york	0
maaan this girl at the gym way too fine	1
both of you look so niceeee hope you both had a good night	0
i fuck up cause i try to see good in everybody i fuck with & yall prove me wrong everytime !!	1
we heard all that and wayyyyyy more! i even know what he gonna start saying next	0
- boo thang - best friend - my #1 - the color red - fashion - ashy knees and messed up hair - thickum…	0
what a welcoming sight	2
hahaha good morning cody	0
son why tf i get all the way from out tysons to look in my son shoebox & its only one in there wtfffff	2
im really not dumb	0
thank u ate dianne!!!	0
der mittlere	0
heyyyy bae	0
jacobbbbbb ,  follow me please cutie x14	1
can we jus fuck wit no feelins bay	1
up by my lonely	1
perfect night	0
graduation is monday so happy	0
she really said "mama big man" scrappy to old for that shit #lhhatl	1
i love broken people ,  i make them happy again . 	0
woke up with toothache	1
oh yeah nalas turned off ode . 	1
for once the stars aligned for me	0
ok .  .  my sister went to go get milk at 10 pm its 11 rn why tf is she taking forever i wanna go to bed	2
ok .  .  my sister went to go get milk at 10 pm its 11 rn why tf is she taking forever i wanna go to bed	4
im glad i never have to see any of those ppl again	1
2 words ,  morgan .  thera py	0
sometimes but not	0
sometimes but not	0
so apparently the nba finals were tonight ?  #sonotasportsguy	0
working on myself babby	0
youre welcome have fun reading it	0
its orayt	0
and confuse ni group kelas ke group pantai timur	0
grown folk business	0
if we aint smashing you can wear my sock	0
ab to wese b km aaty hn .  .  . per bht achy hoty hn	0
she got a dick in her pants stg . 	1
so this is why everyone was looking so nice i got the keys video lol	0
lmfaooo oh yeah i was bout to say	0
not as much as i miss you guys	1
i have no one .  .  . 	0
expect the unexpected tomorrow presentation will not be as i expected	0
is killing me today	1
i wish i aint do the shit i did .  .  but it aint shit i can do bout it .  .  just know im sorry	1
i wish i aint do the shit i did .  .  but it aint shit i can do bout it .  .  just know im sorry	1
thank you	0
the park from the back of my street has wifi ,  but im so sad its connection radius doesnt reach my house lol its only one bar	1
i have no idea lol and i wouldnt be surprised if hes trying to pull a trump	0
done! have a nice night ,  honey	0
we was really lit last night	0
thanks for the follow hope u enjoy my blog if u retweet	0
them russians wont be happy tonight	0
yeah mate i hope we all do well ,  ireland v wales in the final good nite my friend	0
went to get my water bottle out of my truck and ended up star gazing for 20 minutes	0
to go home or not to go home	0
how can constant isolation from people that care about you be a good thing ?  please someone tell me	1
fankoo very much! ^m	0
er  ,  can be really sad sometimes like today  ,  but just have to learn how to handle it	1
poor jett and	1
lol i see what you saying now about skip…he never gives lebron credit	0
do you like candles or long black dress ? 	0
i love banga and they really my hearts	0
feel like dancing feel like singing feel like sa da #dolceamorehhww	0
thank you!	0
ur lucky to have my number	0
them cali girls got me high down south girls getting low caribbean girls what a gwan you already know #1dstaywithus	2
them cali girls got me high down south girls getting low caribbean girls what a gwan you already know #1dstaywithus	0
what a mess is this episode .  .  #shoreleave	1
what a mess is this episode .  .  #shoreleave	5
just cant wait to call clemson home soon	0
could really use a friend & a gentle back rub right about now	1
yeah me	0
5-10 and yes maam	0
stand proud and tall your fellow party members should bow their heads at their behaviour!!	0
thinking bout taking zayla to the park	0
i can admit that im spoiled rotten its sick	1
thank you dick alfonso!u r the best	0
oh same im off to work	1
sometimes i just hate myself .  why ?  because im the one who always always please everyone and afraid anyone gets hurt . 	2
gmorning!	0
uhmm babe i hv a car now jom ah jenjalan	0
i was so disappointed	1
i be trying to turn up every day	1
somebody come scoop	1
hey guys!! whos active for games! ?  rt! (rares-ultras)	0
its not often i wake up before but today i did and omg my girlfriend is just so cute when shes asleep on facetime . 	0
fucking starvin again want some good food right now .  .  fat pile of shit	0
fucking starvin again want some good food right now .  .  fat pile of shit	1
i said "what you like about me ? " he said "that yo ass phat"	0
lol that would be me	0
describes me perfectly	0
i hope you cried and not laughed at this	0
where is masipes head in all this	1
fucked up sleeping sched	1
prepare your dms cause im coming	2
gonna have to throw a mango at this bitch because she cant realize i already let this man-go	0
tell me then	2
tell me then	4
but thats so boring	1
my mother said she heard the same thing ii heard last night thats so creepy	1
if u gonna block me ,  keep me blocked	0
will you catch up to me tho ? 	0
its james i was looking for . 	0
ugh i knew it would be on the news . 	1
i cant believe yall really thought the warriors was finna beat the cavs in game 7	0
ahhahah i havent got anymore ,  its true though	0
tyvm for the recent follows check out our team hagsun	0
i take my child to the book store  .  when she learns to read the book  ,  i then take her to the toy store	0
when the uber driver calls you and alcoholic and he just met you	0
when will bernie go away ? 	1
sum1 needa bless me	1
thanks love you and miss you too	1
i be trying so hard but it still doesnt be enough	1
paper over plastic ,  pop thats law	0
dont date an insecure nigga they dont appreciate you & they always think you doing them wrong	0
thank you	0
he he he for sure	0
thank you to all the awesome ladies for a great farewell/happy birthday .  you know how to make a girl feel loved and appreciated . 	0
youu mean to me  ,  whaat i meaan to youu & together baby  ,  there is nothingg we waant do  . 	0
youu mean to me  ,  whaat i meaan to youu & together baby  ,  there is nothingg we waant do  . 	1
hello #alduballmylife	0
why so sexy ? 	0
im so excited for the reptile expo	0
i thought you went to sleep	2
i thought you went to sleep	4
i feel like this summer is gonna be my best one yet	0
"behind every man is a woman rolling her eyes"	0
let me find out you cant react under pressure	0
thank you! ill have to let my team know of the praise . 	0
verrrrryily ditto	0
i cant fucking fall asleep im so mad	1
thanks nicole	0
doesnt like the idea of me leaving for 3 weeks	0
sooo hungry	1
i hardly get on here	1
can tomorrow come any slower	1
i have no idea	0
| you slay me lol:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::weary_face:!	0
| you slay me lol:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::weary_face:!	1
one noodle head to another i love you too	0
jon bellions music is a must	0
goodmorning follow back	0
pto be lit	0
lmfaoo this shit sad	0
youre one of his biggest fans might have too	0
just wanna be left alone	2
just wanna be left alone	4
*mom on the phone "sagutin mo yung message ko sa fb" *checked her fb message that says "ok" mommy wth	1
right wtf	0
man i lost all my messages from downgrading from ios 10	1
what	2
goddamn it ive been trying to get one of those forever!	2
good keep that feeling ill go crazy with another sevyn	0
good keep that feeling ill go crazy with another sevyn	1
i love you so much dude thanks for making me feel important on here	0
happy birthday jamirica! hope you have a blessed one ,  stay shinning to hun	0
arm up and meet me we going to war	0
not seeing any irish dates here! ?  on you know you wanna come back! and i miss you!	0
not seeing any irish dates here! ?  on you know you wanna come back! and i miss you!	1
thanks twon hope youre doing well!	0
im going to make this backhandspring look so good now that i have it down	0
okay i am done	0
dont worry .  i have most of his books . 	0
dead ass woke up feeling some type of way	2
dead ass woke up feeling some type of way	4
hopefully	0
leave it	2
leave it	4
you guys probably broke up more than the amount of times i blink in a minute . 	0
so many errands to finish	1
hmm ,  i think thats exactly what weve just voted for . 	5
i love you facetime me	0
hahaha oh you are too kind im going to do a peanut butter one next time as well	0
hahaha oh you are too kind im going to do a peanut butter one next time as well	0
lmdao she deleted it probs cause she knows how stalkerish that shit was .  its like nigga .  .  .  you had that shit saved on ur	0
lmdao she deleted it probs cause she knows how stalkerish that shit was .  its like nigga .  .  .  you had that shit saved on ur	3
lmdao she deleted it probs cause she knows how stalkerish that shit was .  its like nigga .  .  .  you had that shit saved on ur	5
the men in my life are spoiled i cant say no to them . 	1
lmao yell puto real loud for me	1
yes! i order the two strongest flavors then add a shot	0
craving a panera cinnamon sugar bagel so bad	0
i swear im cool on da avion dat shit be havin my lil ass up thew	0
when bad things happen ,  you go shopping to feel better and make your credit card feel the pain	0
restraining myself from using all the geo filters for charleston tonight	0
out of all times why now  ? 	1
i love you too 5head	0
still not here for that boy in that red jumpsuit .  .  straight dragon ball z behavior and its unacceptable! smh #betawards	0
get the hell away from me!	3
#gameofthrones	5
about me =) positive - im really loyal to my friends and a loving/caring person negative - i get jelly over everything .  .  . 	0
about me =) positive - im really loyal to my friends and a loving/caring person negative - i get jelly over everything .  .  . 	0
about me =) positive - im really loyal to my friends and a loving/caring person negative - i get jelly over everything .  .  . 	2
about me =) positive - im really loyal to my friends and a loving/caring person negative - i get jelly over everything .  .  . 	4
lol so sweet .  but like obviously everyone will only pay attention to him	0
probably 10am .  depende sa preferred time ng prof . 	1
this twitter shit wild	0
when they let you know ,  let me know	0
i would cry ,  if i won this honestly	0
eh i am always nice except for the first comment i gave hahaha	0
nina sharp	0
ya ready know im down af to party with yall	0
#brexit is breaking my heart .  many of my friends jobs and livelihoods are going to impacted in such a negative way . 	1
this bitch thicker then a bowl of oatmeal gosh dayumm	0
its a sad world	0
nice meeting you too! hope we can meet each other soon thank you din sa time ,  no awkward moments hahahaha usap ulit tayo ah	0
my momma always wants to litterly kill me ,  bc i have no filter & say stuff at the wrong time	0
i dont think of you anymore . 	0
im so nice to you guys on here but only cause i actually talk to my supporters on here and i just joke a lot on my main	0
india .  .  . but in kerala he have never come here	1
my phone so dry	1
they be wildn on black ink crew	1
apparently i took more shots than i remember last night	0
thanks! yeah ive seen most of those except parks n rec and weeds ill give those a try	2
thanks! yeah ive seen most of those except parks n rec and weeds ill give those a try	4
ah wait .  was this artwork in a public place ? on public property ? cos that looks like some graffiti art to me . the dynamic changes then .  no ? 	1
im gonna look good as shit my sr .  year prom	1
i just finished an xl pizza .  .  .  time to go for a forever jog	0
its life ,  try it . 	0
thanks amb	0
when you & your coworker realize yall got the same tattoo	0
feels like ages since i saw my kids  .  .  4 days now	1
feels like ages since i saw my kids  .  .  4 days now	1
ikr!! finally	1
imagine u n #aldubebf…	0
bus uncle just focking ignored me ? 	3
deleting contacts really makes me feel amazing nbs	0
oh my! now we know ,  thanks! still love your magic!	0
i see haha i ada dah start class act semalam .  tp ill be going back after raya kot ?  hehe #solazytogoback	2
i see haha i ada dah start class act semalam .  tp ill be going back after raya kot ?  hehe #solazytogoback	5
circle so small you dont know who to call when you bored asf but i rather that being around fake ass smiles	0
but why isnt the second j in jojos capitalized ? 	1
pleasure! its usually the cogs grinding that gives me away .  must get some 3-in-one hope you have a lovely weekend!	0
i wanna have big sleepover	1
finished my first year of college	0
im thinking that person is me ?  correct me if im wrong	0
hey bestfriend	0
hey bestfriend	0
hanbin x hayi yellow colour .  thankyou	0
over 1 . 5 not over 2 . 5	0
i so regret following one of you and im afraid that im going to shake you off soon	1
i so regret following one of you and im afraid that im going to shake you off soon	4
oh huh  ?  im in there  ,  hit me with the details . 	0
come on ralph	1
dajane & kay next you know its lit	0
remind me to never ride with you	0
time to unpacking	2
time to unpacking	5
stop it .  this is beaaauuuutiful . 	0
so i start insanity tomorrow hopefully it works	0
so i start insanity tomorrow hopefully it works	1
deym this asthma	1
happy birthday love your humble soul .  hope you had a great one	0
my open house is this saturday 4pm to 7pm dm me for address!	0
he needs to go to specsavers! boom boom	0
first day nang regular class	0
biggest regret today ,  not drinking enough water for sahur .  .  . and being do for scenario drill in the morning	1
car charger definitely came in handy today i might as well keep it . 	0
irlandia ? 	0
why so pretty	1
i love you	0
robiin! cl is so hawt tho wonder what skrillex think abt this	0
robiin! cl is so hawt tho wonder what skrillex think abt this	0
robiin! cl is so hawt tho wonder what skrillex think abt this	1
because i like money	0
youre evil	0
youre evil	3
youre evil	5
beach with my girls	0
that was mr who replied! i was unaware of all this flashing business!	0
who needs google translate when you have flor	0
penalty-bot on atm	3
penalty-bot on atm	5
jesus christ ,  no one is safe	0
aww poor tink tink	1
im not loved	1
some mfas i fell off with was over some petty shit but hey its life	1
so yall have more than one and i dont even have half a boyfriend life is different .  . 	3
sheldon	0
challenge accepted	2
hedgehogs are super cute!	0
we need to do another water balloon fight in the	0
i had to unrt that and again	0
obviously they suck at dancing	0
i just wanted you to know ,  i loved you better than your kin did	1
shes my kind of crazy	0
enjoy it ,  heres football on too	0
lameeeeee	1
will be doing absolutely #nothing today!!!	0
n where to fing such men	0
daniel sat on the shit and broke thru the table tho	0
refund and a boom	0
you have a lot of potential and youre a great leader  .  .  you and soloman are lowkey goals	0
agreed	0
want to book a holiday with now	1
from work to class .  .  . 	1
ok so did you roll a 5 or an 8 ? 	0
awesome glad to hear same here ^^	0
so bored of revision and exams now	1
awww lol whats your hoe ass doing later ? 	1
w me its different ,  lemme show you the difference	0
who wants a call .  .  ?  .  .  ?  potential baes only	0
who wants a call .  .  ?  .  .  ?  potential baes only	1
thanks to our 900 followers for supporting #derryvibe lets get it to 1 , 000 next	0
these "like this tweet .  .  . " things are olllloooooovvvvvaaaaa the tl! ill be back tomorrow . 	0
these "like this tweet .  .  . " things are olllloooooovvvvvaaaaa the tl! ill be back tomorrow . 	1
i grew up with her	0
turned his side hoe to his main bitch	0
just came home and knocked out on the couch in my work clothes and my jacket i was hella tired	0
steph curry folded up like laundry on sunday in the finals	1
happiest of birthdays to youuuuu!	0
cant wait	0
thank u for the follow	0
lmfaoooo	0
more likely pigs skin	0
its true! ps .  check your email	0
i wanna see that so ill go	0
my makeup didnt bang today because it looked like i had now put ruby woo in my eye balls	1
would never say never ! think ive changed a lot since i was 18  .  #bbuk	0
lol ok skirtttt ,  didnt wanna hang anyway	0
greys anatomy till i fall asleep  ?  i think yes do not disturb is on	0
at least there at the euros mate	0
larry! my boy youve been my boy since i can remember if you ever need anything you know i got you bro	0
i aint arguing this here	0
yes you were laughing werent you hehe	0
yes you were laughing werent you hehe	0
you need to follow all pl club fans	0
good morning jwu	0
lavish house sis	1
it sucks the most when youre alone and all you have to do is think about it . 	4
i really think im a funny person lol	0
dead as the fuck	1
wait priority first	1
had to ring customer service all sorted now thanks	0
happy birthday!! have a great day	0
like my babies	1
omg pink suits	0
bird knew my favorite movie and thought she was the shit	0
we need to get blessed	0
i had to mobile deposit a check today and it said it needed to be on a dark surface . jordan turned over and said use my back thanks baby	0
tre sleepin like a baby off this hennesey	1
weve never talked but you seem awesome	0
weve never talked but you seem awesome	0
| ian do anything  .  .  and nahh im cool on dem!	1
opening ,  chikahan with mariel ,  closing spiels	0
i hope so ,  i love belly rubs	0
startin early ,  im ready	0
hey grandma	0
i think its est but thats all correct .  i need a link bc im at work	1
its a good day when you come home to find out your mums tidied your room for you	0
if you dont like logics music even a little bit theres something wrong with you	0
dont you just love oversleeping and not having time to do your make up because it takes an hour .  yeah ,  me too .  .  . 	1
lol girl show me your ways bc how am i supposed to learn this in a couple hours	0
shut up .  .  .  .  i can say anything to him:winking_face: .  .  .  . coz im a fan:victory_hand: .  .  .  but no one else:smirking_face: .  .  hmm .  . is dat clear	0
shut up .  .  .  .  i can say anything to him:winking_face: .  .  .  . coz im a fan:victory_hand: .  .  .  but no one else:smirking_face: .  .  hmm .  . is dat clear	0
shut up .  .  .  .  i can say anything to him:winking_face: .  .  .  . coz im a fan:victory_hand: .  .  .  but no one else:smirking_face: .  .  hmm .  . is dat clear	1
shut up .  .  .  .  i can say anything to him:winking_face: .  .  .  . coz im a fan:victory_hand: .  .  .  but no one else:smirking_face: .  .  hmm .  . is dat clear	4
that been bae tho since my senior year	0
good morning lauren hope youll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes i iove you xo	0
good morning lauren hope youll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes i iove you xo	0
good morning lauren hope youll be smiling from the time you wake up till you close your eyes i iove you xo	0
really want some tacos	1
one sec	0
literally everyone is married or engaged now	3
literally everyone is married or engaged now	5
eat a bag of dick tips . 	0
simply stunning . 	0
but hey so! me and my sister are starting a youtube channel	0
never mind it works fine again ,  but thanks for replying!	0
i feel soooo sick	1
thats awesome	0
idk you dont stay a stranger	0
idk you dont stay a stranger	0
idk you dont stay a stranger	2
ah ledge antics from me	0
i want some ribs  ,  potato salad  ,  some mac & cheese ,  & some rolls  .  .  . 	1
ooh nooo (((gentle hugs)))glynis and will do	0
what is going on in taes sc guess were getting male backup dancers ? 	0
what is going on in taes sc guess were getting male backup dancers ? 	0
you must to know that #czech is so special to me ,  i have a true friend from there .  i love her .  keep doing #forest #tech	0
its a harsh realisation when you realise you wouldnt fit in it	1
i have the funnest time dancing to music in front of the mirror while getting ready	0
im thinking to myself like self of all the shit in her house she chose to masterbate with a hardware tool im still like	2
im thinking to myself like self of all the shit in her house she chose to masterbate with a hardware tool im still like	4
i cant believe this happened #ripchristina you will be missed angel	1
i cant believe this happened #ripchristina you will be missed angel	1
okay	0
those 2-3am thoughts	1
sc stories of namik n nikita #goals seriously  ,  my shipper heart is celebrating #whateven why soo adorable  ?  aghh…	0
sc stories of namik n nikita #goals seriously  ,  my shipper heart is celebrating #whateven why soo adorable  ?  aghh…	1
someone added me on gc with lurkers	0
my pleasure	0
im just waiting on blacklist season 4	1
fries with ranch is the best thing ever	0
my heart has been filled w/ nothing but happiness & love thanks to love	0
my heart has been filled w/ nothing but happiness & love thanks to love	0
im fuckin bored	1
when will the next instalment be out for bloggers/publicity ?  and what fairy tale is it gonna be ?  sorry im just	0
when will the next instalment be out for bloggers/publicity ?  and what fairy tale is it gonna be ?  sorry im just	0
zlatan to manchester united	3
zlatan to manchester united	5
this is such a small world .  is he your friend or smtg ?  yeah sure	0
the new legend of zelda looks so amazing!	0
i need someone to talk to who isnt busy	0
crying inside before my 8 hour shift even started .  dont make me work	1
never been so embarrassed in my life ,  everything is going wrong for me	1
i was just announcing it	4
perfect angels since 01	2
damn ma .  .  .  i love to watch you squat	0
listen! i forgot to buy quinoa again	1
ill probably take my sister to see finding dory tomorrow .  my excuse to go	0
thanks for following!	0
dropping today	0
that was this girls last words	0
alvinnnn !!	0
all i need to survive this morning is a nice cup of black coffee	1
i hate the ending of why did i get married too	1
stranger and u just followed me but im pretty sure ive seen u around hylton a couple times	0
if i could go back to the day we met i would do it all over again	0
and tonight i get my hair fully finalized for my big shoot monday	0
good	0
im going to bed	1
im still happy about my 2011 championship	0
really fuck	0
im nothing if i dont have you . 	0
this lame niggas & broke bitches dgaf about you look out fa self	2
his leather shirt looks cool!	0
i need a new phone case	4
i feel the need to watch both tomorrowland and the descendants now!	0
surprised with vampire diaries! its alright ,  thank you im only using my phone haha	0
surprised with vampire diaries! its alright ,  thank you im only using my phone haha	0
"i lost my leg in a lawnmower accident" #ttwfo	0
come on ,  it’s only been 6 years why can’t i get free upgrades forever also i’m on a 3gs with ios 5	0
bruh what you got going on you all down my tl	0
one of our ill send him right over!	0
i swear im 57	0
going get my hair done friday	0
but fr i really need a nigga to quit playin games	1
wade .  wow . 	0
so fucking annoyed i just wanna sleep in my bed and be in my room by myself in peace and quiet after work and i cant even do that .  wtf . 	4
does anyone else just get really infuriated when they hear a certain someones name ? 	0
i tell him all the time to but he never does	2
my eyes are extra green today	0
its jyj ,  stans .  not jj .  how dare you abandon the y when he needs love the most now . 	2
its jyj ,  stans .  not jj .  how dare you abandon the y when he needs love the most now . 	4
i love hot rod	0
youre welcome	0
happy bday	0
work out hoe	0
now we just need to get blake to notice us	0
trials in literally one week	0
ur were in front ?  ?  i tot ur were at the back	0
yes .  what does that have to do with me ?  i still fw his music heavy .  idc about his sexual preference gay ,  straight ,  bi ,  w/e	0
im so sad i had to leave pride early before i could see the oitnb ladies	1
on regarde how high	0
hi how are you ?  hope youre fine todays my birthday & all i wish for is your follow! mind following me ?  • 1 , 860	0
he needa text back before he get cussed out	0
as its in london! im going it would be great to finally meet you	0
lmaoo that tweet was me being petty me and mine are fabulous	0
i hate when girls call other girls fat as an insult .  that shit really irritates me . 	2
i hate when girls call other girls fat as an insult .  that shit really irritates me . 	4
youre pretty and i hope everything goes well with you and your baby	0
i hate having thick thighs i swear	1
meh not that typical well done	0
i find it how all the bitches from #bgc15 tht wasnt even bout it got a blue by their acct . but the realest dont	0
i miss my cat and my dad and cordell and my own bed and i miss portland	1
positive vibes only	0
its a beautiful monday morning so in turn ,  i love you all	0
lmao nah go be friends with them they look swaggy freshy fuckboy like	0
if u were a pie youd be a cutie pie	0
had a great 18th birthday!! s/o to everyone that wished me a happy birthday . 	0
had a great 18th birthday!! s/o to everyone that wished me a happy birthday . 	0
yeah!! im going for business lol we are gonna see each other . 	2
dont dont my love	0
x you cute	0
you got me blushin !	3
you got me blushin !	5
what are the odds i could convince someone to go to wireless with me ?  the line up shits on made in america	0
oh village deli how ive missed your bagels	0
u were the best lookin bitch out there	0
my dad was like ,  "fix your things for tomorrow!" lol my class wont start until 3pm and i dont have anything to prepare	0
cryin	0
summer going good so far	0
all damn day	0
and you over use that retweet button	0
im very too late to become her fan .  may she rest in peace	1
so u made a sex tape big deal .  .  marco and his creepy pervy ways are allowed to be aired and stay in but u dont hmm suspicious	4
little 4 yr old brother just gave me a massage .  how great is he ? !	0
what no mermaids	2
im not the one with the problem like i said this morning im gucci	0
no ,  its actually hot af i only put it on cuz my phone said it was gone rain	1
that sandwich did nothing .  i want some cereal	1
dont tell me you back in that action!	0
because it was on the menu	0
is that tiesto ? !	5
ive bought them for more creative usages	0
i bet there are so many cleveland fans not going to work today cuz theyre still drunk af	0
ain nothing like showering and laying on clean sheets	0
awhh why my baby  ? 	1
fuck .  what shitty news to wake up to	1
ive literally slept all day and i still feel exhausted	1
ok the guy can sing but .  .  .  .  ill take the otherone	0
got you	0
you give me purpose	1
you give me purpose	4
r u guys going to mumford ? 	0
i really work from 8:30-4:30 tomorrow	1
at best ,  jt is an irresponsible white man like the harambee yelling art teacher .  at worst he is ed wuncler lol	0
dont jealous hor .  .  .  .  . 	2
dont jealous hor .  .  .  .  . 	4
and nothing will change .  uncertainty will cripple us in the next few months	2
nooda crunch	0
im still even waiting for it	0
yas! then you can just hook up your bank account to the app to reload it	0
terbaca old conversation and then i realize how close we used to be .  but too bad ,  we cant have it back . 	1
why do i always mess things up	1
waaa .  .  .  .  what	3
waaa .  .  .  .  what	5
cleveland	0
im being so weird and distant lol idc	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x59 , 656	0
so miss	1
ooo i saw that coming .  arya stark is back . 	2
my homescreen and lockscreen omg what a baddie	0
my homescreen and lockscreen omg what a baddie	0
super pumped for tonight	0
mne just joke mara hy  .  .  .  wah g ap ne mind kr liya	1
mane folks be sleep on the dollar store i go in the and rack up on plenty stuff	0
there are no prince charmings ive accepted it	0
there are no prince charmings ive accepted it	0
my ipad has almost broken and i cant afford to get anything new	1
still feeling like ass!	4
bien sur ,  what else ? 	0
im waiting for it i want mango thank you	0
im waiting for it i want mango thank you	0
this lady has such a cute puppy wheres pacey	0
thought you already did or was that a lie  ? 	0
you so late shitty	0
the new annie is one of my favs	0
youre more than welcome to join me hails	0
much faith in our country as our presidential candidates act like teenagers	0
honestly	0
thats exactly what i have	0
somebody real hard 2 find	0
i got something to show yall later	0
// pretty girl youre so perf	0
// pretty girl youre so perf	0
tuesday .  lets go ,  i need a salt rock from earthbound ,  ill explain why on the way	0
fuel price must be at a low point then	0
feel like getting on a downer today	0
im going to be dead after todays workout	1
i need to not screw this up bc hes so great	1
gonna watch conjuring 2 later on	0
people really be pissing me off	2
people really be pissing me off	4
keep liking my tweets .  your making me feel like im inspiring you with my words! its good for my ego!	0
done heard i this dumb b:speak-no-evil_monkey:tch now you mad #memories	2
done heard i this dumb b:speak-no-evil_monkey:tch now you mad #memories	4
done heard i this dumb b:speak-no-evil_monkey:tch now you mad #memories	4
"baby smile"	0
how long this go around i hope until july 25th	1
hoes swear a nigga trying to holla at them ,  stop lying	2
hoes swear a nigga trying to holla at them ,  stop lying	4
there’s an awful video circulating on facebook of a spider with hands why ?  #traumatised	5
happyy birthday hope u av a blessd bday filled wid joys n blessingz inshaallah ameen enjoy x	0
bada boom! wisest guy in the room! how you doin jr ? !	0
its time to breakfasting  .  0294 area dan sekitarnya	3
its time to breakfasting  .  0294 area dan sekitarnya	5
i might move out there	1
loving the clickbait in this tweet	0
currently sitting in dobbies garden centre while the car is getting cleaned and surrounded by old people .  .  .  bet these bastards voted out	2
currently sitting in dobbies garden centre while the car is getting cleaned and surrounded by old people .  .  .  bet these bastards voted out	4
mk please stay under control	0
yesss .  hoho buti naman at meron ka tmrw gorgeous cant waitt omffff	0
idk what to think give me details	1
someone text or ft me	1
i always cry at game of thrones deaths no matter which character it is	1
omg yess hun id love to do your makeup thank you ! but yess dm your number	0
no more	1
i do know im going to cape may and wildwood in two weeks .  so excited! to get away from ny	0
got in a redic icm pot with jj ,  he did call off with aq and win lets run tomorrows ninja .  #wsop	2
counting down the days to baby come home soon asf	0
counting down the days to baby come home soon asf	1
seriously  keynote music is always life . 	0
you need to see a doc	0
i forgot to text  ,  but your so gorgeous babes .  ily .  you & your boo are cute asf together	0
i forgot to text  ,  but your so gorgeous babes .  ily .  you & your boo are cute asf together	1
+ le mcflurry	0
i have a headache . 	1
this local shit aint poppin . 	1
claim you getting money but  ,  stay begging somebody to roll you up	0
i used to be able do that .  .  .  .  .  .  but just on a 8 . 5 foot goal	0
i used to be able do that .  .  .  .  .  .  but just on a 8 . 5 foot goal	1
oh no! positive thoughts for you both	0
just booked my first driving lesson	3
just booked my first driving lesson	5
were estimating a lull on the phones between 2pm & 4pm today #eng #euro2016	0
i can bring you food	0
really bouta be 18	3
really bouta be 18	5
man thats what i needed ,  hopefully though man ,  im not trynna be a stick figure no more .  keep your videos going man  . 	0
man thats what i needed ,  hopefully though man ,  im not trynna be a stick figure no more .  keep your videos going man  . 	0
i hate physics	2
tonight is about to be crazyyy	2
fuck cleveland too tf	0
finally have 2 days off in a row ,  and it has to be this shitty weather	4
playing me is an automatic l! you cant bounce back from that cause you gon be too stuck on me when im gone	0
thanks	0
lost one of my fucking pandora rings in town last night and i dont think ill ever stop moaning about it	1
waka drunk asf if i had tammy as mines aint no way ima cheat on her she bad asf hands down	0
waka drunk asf if i had tammy as mines aint no way ima cheat on her she bad asf hands down	1
i have some irritation towards people who dont speak well like its not cool to sound like a rapper dude im sorry please grow up	1
it feel later than 2	0
i barely be on netflix *not proud of that* lol .  but im trying to go back to that tho . 	0
my bad i havent been on twitter i miss you guys tell me when were hanging out again	0
my bad i havent been on twitter i miss you guys tell me when were hanging out again	1
this lil girl really playing	1
feelings are whack	0
tonight	0
that was when i shut the tv off .  it was that or throw my remote at it .  hes so fucking ignorant . 	2
let someone tell me they tired	0
better have my money ready when the cavs win	2
what happens ?  almost a week	1
thank you	0
mariah is very over protective when it comes to boys that tries to fwm  .  shit she might as well be my girlfriend	1
can somebody shoot me facetime or a text and let me know im important	0
im telling babe about that game omfg	1
i love my friends so much	0
going to school to be exempt from one exam ,  and only to take another that i will finish in 10 minutes	1
my phone stay on dnd	0
time is going by way too fast	1
i get overwhelmed w| all the buttons so i just press all of them because idk what im doing	0
i tried chillin .  .  played 2k and broke some ankles instead of legs nah ,  but raaahj just trynna chill	0
the have and the have nots got me on edge	1
happy birthday miss you	0
some header clark	0
lol ! im planning at least escape other than that im just looking at bpm and coachella but thats not until next yr	0
ill be alright	0
cant wait to finally have money next week	1
i know	0
same to you	0
hope janair knows if he slips ill break his back	0
crazy	1
when you dont have the juice anymore so your phone be dry	1
i finally get to tour yellowstone today	0
lmao thats 100% me and then i get the same colors	0
a happy problem to have! i wouldnt complain . 	0
a happy problem to have! i wouldnt complain . 	0
did john just tell julia shes the trophy he always wanted .  have any of these gentlemen ever talked to a girl before ? 	1
im such a happy girl tonight	0
i havent anything to say for years im shite	0
not sure ill remember the night but it will all be worth it	0
wasnt very annoying when you was tryna be my friend last day of school tho huh boo ?  lmao catch ya later	0
thanks for the reminder	1
work flow	1
easy with that tongue young lady ,  love you to . 	0
my dad still trying to figure out why i fwy hood niggas like um i like guys just like you .  hood but full of ambition	0
my dad still trying to figure out why i fwy hood niggas like um i like guys just like you .  hood but full of ambition	0
my dad still trying to figure out why i fwy hood niggas like um i like guys just like you .  hood but full of ambition	0
trying keep a smile on while fighting the devil off isnt easy .  shit is heavy on the heart . 	2
trying keep a smile on while fighting the devil off isnt easy .  shit is heavy on the heart . 	4
not sure but who is ! ? 	0
that wasnt funny to me	2
that wasnt funny to me	5
ill go but i need to pay off my tuition first and save myself from drowning in debt	1
tragic end for him! but yea but nah effy is a role model to our generation .  smile that effy smile!! x	0
i’m sorry	1
duuuude	0
officially accepted into jmc	0
you aint a mvp idk how you got that from shooting threes	0
i usually love taco bell  ,  why tf do i feel nauseous	4
few more hours to go #방탄소년단3주년축하해 #방탄소년단	0
i know how you feel	1
i know how you feel	4
all these hoes saying they blakeblock & munchieworld but i never seen them a day in my life they never knew you lil mama	1
all these hoes saying they blakeblock & munchieworld but i never seen them a day in my life they never knew you lil mama	1
all these hoes saying they blakeblock & munchieworld but i never seen them a day in my life they never knew you lil mama	3
all these hoes saying they blakeblock & munchieworld but i never seen them a day in my life they never knew you lil mama	5
this is not a very subtle pamphlet .  do they have one for a "moron problem" ?  ? 	0
i despise grocery shopping	4
i am a roller coaster junkie could go in them all day	0
what a drag!! (shikamaru voice)	1
even better  .  .  ill add some more hotness	0
my aim for the summer is to get to follow me	0
i can eat this whole box of cream pies if i wanted to fr	1
omg for the whole summer  ? 	2
omg for the whole summer  ? 	4
pulled an unexpected all nighter lol	0
well shit .  thats my que	0
never talk to me again	1
staying off here until the game goes off cause yall really dont know wtf yall talking about	0
"i got no sympathy 4 those afraid of mystery" ~ 2pac	0
independent lambeth	0
someone go see the secret life of pets with me okay ?  thanks	0
k fever .  .  . 	0
awwww gentlez paw hugz youz iz brave youz got such a sadz face	1
im back  .  yall know this my life	0
ahahaha thanks em yes i have been love you millions pretty lady xxxxx	0
baby mek mi tell yu why mi love yu so much	0
aww i fuckin love u! a shit load of love ,  hugs and kisses heading ur way .  stay awesome ,  remain gorgeous and keep runnin xo!	0
the flu and sore throat making me wanna sleep all day long till iftar	1
you are literally so amazing never change	0
not enough	2
not enough	4
hawwwwww hassan	1
youre welcome	0
you all are gorgeous omg this is so nice ally	0
picky picky picky #millonesdegracias igno	0
green going off 5/5	0
florence got alligators now ? 	3
florence got alligators now ? 	5
i was born 10 yrs after the yr of so im 10 yrs younger than the queen ,  today	0
here with you	1
here with you	4
bed time night world	0
good afternoon! im back after classes . 	0
when will pebbles be dedicated to lebbles like me and lotte are	1
bumbah i too drunk to have a response to this .  but you hurt my feelings idk wah else to say	1
if i have a higher iq i would be the top student in cambridge rn keh good nighty #plsdontbecranky	0
if i have a higher iq i would be the top student in cambridge rn keh good nighty #plsdontbecranky	0
shame the face doesnt match	0
when your voice keeps going in and out and your throat is beyond dry but you refuse to stop talking it is so hard	1
sorryyy!! thats what im best at	0
thanks for chillen with your boy .  good night and fuck you	0
ionno who don think he running	0
your new layout is cute just like you	0
i can see that	0
awe ty	0
youre older than me ? 	3
ill pick up these broken pieces till im bleeding ,  if thatll make it right	1
ati this are worn by luos and above .  .  .  yawa luos will kill us	0
i hate that	1
im addicted to piercings i want more	1
im addicted to piercings i want more	0
we come back next sunday	0
happy birthday youve a great excuse to beat your face to the gods today even tho we do it everyday rega…	0
i want andy	0
this nigga forehead pissing me off	0
ass your just beside me .  . go kitchen and cook for me	0
surprise nudes be the best shit	2
i wana go back to sleep	1
aint been gone a hour and i miss my baby	1
you cant even win maps with stock subs .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 	0
i cant even wear those! cant stand things between my toes	0
right back at you girl	0
this damn twitter account lol	1
what if i text like this	0
your body is goals	1
thanks! ive been having a wonderful birthday!	0
seeing the maddest of whips working at ascot	1
seeing the maddest of whips working at ascot	5
this bump on my forehead .  . 	1
step one is bleach	0
but why you not sleep but 1hunnit	0
dammit penny ,  shouldve made them get that ct for derek	1
i want to watch a broadway show	0
all summer 16 buying straight jewelry	0
someone i spoke to was worried about paying for a new passport because current one says eu .  yep ,  thats the biggest issue we face . 	1
why does it take 5 seconds to get out of shape but like 12 years to get back in shape ?  ? 	1
go ate tiff	0
you like yourself	0
yallare the cutest	0
you just know somewhere some dumbfuck american will be saying this is why we need more guns smh	1
you already know	0
do you mean the stuff about him being a third wheel in the jt/potus bromance ? 	0
wish i had something to do tonight	1
de nd	0
pathetic ,  clueless management ;  never been so embarrassed ;  hodgson has to go	2
finally got the invitations for my quince cant wait to start passing them out hmu for one	0
finally got the invitations for my quince cant wait to start passing them out hmu for one	0
the fact that my parents dropped them off at my aunts house depresses me	1
i hope today is the day	0
tiff dont worry  ,  one day ill be waiting for you with starbucks and stuff	0
tell them yeah and a random place to meet at	0
your a bully nothing more! after last nights topic of the show u think ur story has a tread of truth! htt…	1
getting to dress comfy at work the rest of the week since we are closed	0
that was so sad	1
you would	0
lmao im childish	1
too many people have died this year . 	1
definitely! i loved it! your ensemble track was so beautifully done and kept drawing my eye .  it was a joy to watch xxx	0
fuck chile	4
willing to come perform in italy ? 	0
i will just report you	0
old niggas be retarded	1
onto it!	0
casually finding spiders everywhere gross	4
i just wanna get wealthy enough to comfortably kick sallie mae a cool 100k+ and tell them leave me alone	1
thats great!	0
youre welcome zorrita	0
what twitter lol is easy	1
i forgot about that that shit was like a 1993 honda civic with no ac and the window almost broke while rolling it down	0
you are the only person who appreciate me .  when im sad you makes me happy .  thank you for that .  how i wish you are my sister . 	1
i miss	1
why am i still up have to be up 3	1
unlucky	3
or uh .  .  . maybe theyre just relaxing on their break .  could be either!	0
well done great result	0
i remember somebody called me and was like they was gone kill me  .  .  i said "but im only 13"	1
finally bless your heart been waiting for this love ya	0
only if farfan wasnt injured	1
ray palmer ,  atom	0
the best feeling ever is coming home after a long day to fresh bedsheets .  if you could feel the comfort im in	1
im sorry	1
whew .  today is a day i definitely eat my feelings	1
my job is dumb as hell .  they put the most stupid ,  most unsafe person who doesnt follow rules as the new safety coordinator	2
my job is dumb as hell .  they put the most stupid ,  most unsafe person who doesnt follow rules as the new safety coordinator	4
either way were safe .  apparently no extraterrestrial being likes pakistan . 	0
people think they ready for college	1
u will enjoy it	0
you wild	0
you always get that today we go on an adventure	0
you always get that today we go on an adventure	2
you always get that today we go on an adventure	4
doing #ydhtg 30 sec cover on twitter before second single comes!! im so proud of you cant wait till ju…	0
doing #ydhtg 30 sec cover on twitter before second single comes!! im so proud of you cant wait till ju…	0
on the way back to the o	0
but i liked the first one	3
but i liked the first one	5
im buying my next boyfriend flowers ,  itll be so cute coz its the last thing hed expect . 	0
you got a nigga but i know you love me baby	0
lol no im on twitter talking to you!! and make the money .  .  dont let the money make you what movie is th…	0
your all zoned out	0
tara said ha knees wont let ha do squats so she just gone keep ha fat ass w/o it sitting up	0
tara said ha knees wont let ha do squats so she just gone keep ha fat ass w/o it sitting up	1
love the watermelon one . 	0
when my brother called me "gemok" and i responded back by calling he "buncit" fair and square	0
for the snap aye you took it like a champ	0
nvr mind ,  im going house hunting in fort worth this saturday	0
cant wait to look peng again going through a rough patch but ill be back	1
cant wait to look peng again going through a rough patch but ill be back	0
quite .  snaps are kinda cool too . 	0
im at work	1
nate robinson golden ticket ?  ?  ?  ? 	3
nate robinson golden ticket ?  ?  ?  ? 	5
how lucky	1
i am!!!! learning everyday hehe	0
just dont get it .  . 	1
i was a big cry baby	0
what a fat tune  .  .  . love it	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x58 , 949	0
living for the love of you	0
im almost done with my book ,  wtf am i supposed to do all day	1
why do people always try to hack twitter accounts ?  theres literally nothing on them except weird inbox convos .  .  very ,  very weird convos	0
your all royalty to me	0
take me	1
sorry not pipe!!! .  .  .  . i meant butter	0
if i was you i would date him but thats just me	0
you okay ? 	1
im gonna be mad if i dont go see finding dory	1
saving the environment is a good thing and it should be practiced by everyone if possible #asingkan	0
i miss you too baby	0
this quarter has been very stressful and overwhelming	1
im like 15 minutes into the first episode	0
my dog sleeps with me every night and wakes me up every morning .  .  .  .  .  ill never need a nigga lmao	0
also happy birthday to ya cruzy	0
the fact i cant sleep doesnt shock me . 	0
that snowball	3
dear stars well trend tonight at 08:00pm(pst) hope you people will participate & enjoy is nothing without	0
next one is almost everyone favorite make up brand .  ce teka .  hehehe	0
why is the time moving so damn fast	1
i shouldve never posted that ,  mentions doing too much	0
fake	1
thats in forever!	2
thats in forever!	4
if you got me i got you  .  .  .  .  simple	0
cant believe i had to cars in two years but i sold my first one ,  and someone totaled my second one on 75 ian even mad im alive	0
happy birthday hope you have a lovely day babe !	0
 . @anacostiaccdc welcome to the twitterverse! the water is warm! #madeinana	0
ain been to sleep yet and i see light outside	0
too* shit this what happens when i try to be all cheesy & stuff	1
nothing bored	0
zaxbys for dinner	0
just pierced my belly button again	1
i wanna go out later again	0
i wanna go out later again	1
feels really weird to be out rn lol i dont like it	4
twitter hacked and nobody tells me .  thank god i rarely use this! thanks	0
twitter hacked and nobody tells me .  thank god i rarely use this! thanks	0
ruined streaks sadden me	1
glad you 3 could come .  a definite cutie patootie!!	0
how you not gonna go	0
nottingham voted leave .  (and even leicester only barely chose remain . )	0
sorry civilian goodnight babes	0
iont speak on every move	0
desiigner aint future .  get over it lmao stop dick riding future	0
this is the greatest news i have ever heard	0
appetite for something sweet	0
had someone said was performing last night ,  id have stayed for the show .  didnt know jcole but i know heard he was	1
do u not do business ?  ? 	0
every time i go grocery shopping i think "i should do this more often" adulting is hard	1
frio	3
frio	5
hard yes! they look great	0
ima send a sexy picture ,  to remind you what you given up	0
i want to watch conjuring 2 ,  me before you ,  and finding dory kaso lang money	1
omg bless u .  thank you!! good luck in your upcoming show(s) you look amazing	0
youre soooo adorable .  and i like the way you dress	0
damn rip bankroll	1
i know its been forever im good .  just busy .  hows life ? 	0
expressing my frustrations to aissa through snapchat . 	1
#nccugirlsbreaktheinternet okayyyyy i see yall i havent seen most of yall though	0
#mexvchi #mex ya nos vamos para la #copaamerica #copa100 at least #argvusa to look forward .  .  .  .  . 	1
#mexvchi #mex ya nos vamos para la #copaamerica #copa100 at least #argvusa to look forward .  .  .  .  . 	1
#mexvchi #mex ya nos vamos para la #copaamerica #copa100 at least #argvusa to look forward .  .  .  .  . 	1
im . not about to argue with him its too damn late for this shit	0
ppl are ignoring me	0
it sucks that i cant tag yaiza	2
it sucks that i cant tag yaiza	4
when you find out theyre not taking down the banner	0
i swear my dad does not appreciate anything i do	2
"haters throw shade like a sun visor" .  .  . thanks for kinda shouting us out cuz we came up with "throw #go #cavs tho	0
if we cant take pictures together you aint for me	0
today wrapped up in a nutshell #fuckinamazing	0
another dry night in the books	1
so sad my phone wasnt working	1
i wanna do cool things but im always really tired	0
kela ,  its not a vegetable though	0
i miss my boyfriend . 	1
its like im talking to myself	0
i love directly tweeting monthly service providers .  when the whole world is watching it helps get peoples attention . 	0
if only you were here ,  i would be smiling again	0
yep you guessed it right! the movie called the game directed by one of ma fav david fincher #naragukquiz #너기해quiz	0
oh ,  i just thought you were in my maps	0
thanks po! #aldubforthelove	0
my uncle been telling me since i was 7 dont believe nothing you hear and only half of what you see why i always say you lien	0
dont	0
i should be asleep right now  .  . 	2
i should be asleep right now  .  . 	4
lmao who is your nana i thought that was a nick name for something .  .  yeah dude her grandma	0
had 2 niggas stressed on 2k today ask blenard niggas were bout to break their shits	1
i just watched little js snap story lol wtf	4
why ya man look like doug tho	1
hi ,  pretty picture thank you . 	0
back to reality the day ,  heads fucking pickled	0
omg i just want to go to the carnival again and ride all the rides	1
2nd workout of the day  ,  aint doing too much  ,  im in pain	1
i dont know how to show my emotions	1
1st day of my diet and my mom asks if i want fried chicken	1
lmao pts loves us we walk up no id no nothing & if we got pressure the security guards handle it for us we got it like that ya heard me	0
as if the new season of game of thrones finishes tomorrow . 	1
so awkward haha sometimes i want to answer him ur brother in law to hear him scream but nahh	0
im convinced these guys are not just basketball players they are actors too think about it  .  .  .  .  . 	0
jsjs ¡buenas noches!	0
went to this west indian restaurant food was so trash had no taste omg	4
yea you were and you didnt come	2
i dont feel good	1
until punched me in the eye	1
i knowwwww	1
theres a dr bashir in my local hospital . this completely appeals to my trek heart ,  and i may just develop munchausens so i can go say hi	0
fuck lol	0
paddy "fortunately we were able to put him out of action . " such a polite way to say you shot him dead	0
mom woke me up at 7 because i had to clean my before practice !!! practice dont start until 12	1
now we jus sitting here like its not fucin 3 a . m lol im coo nev again	1
if moving into this house works out in the end ill be the happiest girl alive	0
thanks so much cheryl	0
i gotta stop reading rachel zoe articles cause i cant afford that shit	1
yes but no one lazy .  you cant slack! thats always been their problem!	0
i look so tired and sick of life	1
high as always	1
free mano they gave lil bro 30yrs at the age of 15 miss you squad	4
so disappointing to hear of all the racism post brexit .  .  .  thought britain was better than this	1
thank you	0
had a great time with the team today at a wedding in mayfair .  never a dull moment with these lot	0
not even im off today tmr and thursday you guys make plans when i do work	0
i misse you but i know that youre not missing me so ill just fuck myself	0
i was creeping and i accidentally liked a photo	0
daytona ,  july 2001 ,  so many emotions ,  so little time #nascarthrowback #theintimidator #hewasridingwithme	1
morning sir	0
i wish i knew which food it was that makes me so bloated and basically turns my insides against me	3
i wish i knew which food it was that makes me so bloated and basically turns my insides against me	5
yhu it isnt that deep .  askies	0
yhu it isnt that deep .  askies	1
i need to start running again	1
she also has a trash bag with her to put tissues in .  like you are clearly sick go home and sleep	4
yeah! first they make it so you watch stories continuously ,  now they have random ads in between them	2
happy birthday big sis love and miss you enjoy your day	0
today is the perfect day toooo	1
going on a cruise soon and i cannot wait	0
ordered my bed	0
2 bestfriend! one girl one boy one light the other dark  .  .  .  2 different personalities they have some of my different moods	0
2 bestfriend! one girl one boy one light the other dark  .  .  .  2 different personalities they have some of my different moods	1
why i have to get sick in the middle of the summer	1
these hoes really for everybody	4
i would be lying if i said social media didnt keep me very amused today so so many hilarious eu related memes	0
we will	0
wedding ring on and all mannnnn i aint never getting married	1
im so tired of dc .  i love my city and all but its not where i wanna be anymore	1
haha yeah yes!! xd and i love his husky/ sexy voice .  heeheeeh	0
you good	0
i needa red bull!!	2
sweet dreams	0
hey girl! ur so pretty! hope ur summer is bomb & good luck in whatever u do after hs	0
i been at work only 2hrs .  it feels like i should be at least half way through my day	1
a spot might open up!! youll never know	0
alrighty then	0
sounds nice .  .  .  hows the internet ? 	0
cooking sucks i dont have the patience to watch it sit there and cook id rather be eating it	4
lmfaooo good one 3-1 .  . cavs bout to win 3 straight	1
mannn cecil and i were best friends	1
my baby in the er	1
looooool ohhhhh u duno .  not this time g we sold it cuz it kept crying like a lil bxtch if it was left alone	0
looooool ohhhhh u duno .  not this time g we sold it cuz it kept crying like a lil bxtch if it was left alone	1
so fake but	0
when you coming ? 	1
traineeeee	0
thank you!!!	0
i hope they fix my car today . 	1
i hope they fix my car today . 	4
thank you	0
i just need my baby	1
looks so cool but also sooo fricking scary	3
looks so cool but also sooo fricking scary	5
ingaaaaay	2
guys people are watching !! please remain a good soul everyday	1
wish i was covered in henna	1
rachou	1
i miss lukey	1
i wanted her to do love drought	1
i wanted her to do love drought	5
"my dicks silver 2 ,  but my dick games gold nova"	0
its cute how you cant handle the truth	0
lmao i dont think anyone can take me serious with my avi	0
havent been this happy in a minute	0
i hope you step on a lego	2
i hope you step on a lego	4
mom even gave me house keys before she left bc she thought i would come home late when i went out .  .  . havent gone anywhere though . 	2
mom even gave me house keys before she left bc she thought i would come home late when i went out .  .  . havent gone anywhere though . 	4
thank u for always making my cloudy days turn to sunny ones dude	0
1 hour & counting .  cmon guys buy ,  buy , buy #rickastley50 it will b ur best buy eva	0
no limits aint no telling how much well spend	0
i thought you were taking random suggestions	0
so is the most perfect human being ever	0
he is a bitch	0
aint claiming nobody thats not all the way mines	0
thundering	0
& same here!	0
4 hour shifts the sleep schedule is screwed . 	3
4 hour shifts the sleep schedule is screwed . 	5
it keeps freezing up on me & everything	1
i keep hearing shit downstairs	0
really .  theyre outlined and filled in .  why you think they look so perfect	2
really .  theyre outlined and filled in .  why you think they look so perfect	5
all confirmation emails have been sent out to all singapore loe reservation orders .  i will inform payment and collection location soon	0
im so mad i barely started to know you this year but youre the best! youre dumbass funny and always put a smile on my face thanks	0
im so mad i barely started to know you this year but youre the best! youre dumbass funny and always put a smile on my face thanks	2
im so mad i barely started to know you this year but youre the best! youre dumbass funny and always put a smile on my face thanks	4
why niggas be so salty	0
but wait .  .  .  after all of this does lilly need to change the titles back to original state one by one ? !	1
hey v nice to see u	0
when your manager let you off early	2
i know you know i would had had my geralden on now yes repost video for me wish u can come	0
same	1
great man .  .  .  thanks for help animals specially freya you adopt she please	0
athletes be on the move .  one second there in one city the next day theyre in another .  so draining	1
we gotta find you a man	1
stop	1
guy is lonely	0
guy is lonely	1
there are still the sprouse bros	0
thank you so much lovely! ive just been admiring your restaurant build ,  its so beautiful! youre so talented!	0
thank you so much lovely! ive just been admiring your restaurant build ,  its so beautiful! youre so talented!	0
thanks for the cookies that one day and youre pretty cool	0
thanks for the cookies that one day and youre pretty cool	0
one song .  makes me remember you again	0
i need something to do next week im off until thursday	1
sick and tired of nights shifts	2
just sneezed and told the guests walking out "have a blessed day"	0
arrr #mebeauties  , gladu like this ,  thought youd make me #walktheplank think i fancy a grog #piratelingo	0
true .  . but you are still pretty awesome .  plus ,  who wouldnt be crazy living with kw !!!	0
adele always makes it better	0
if i wake up to news of a fowler &lt ; -&gt ;  galchenyuk swap ,  i might just be wanting a beer with my coffee .  .  . 	0
goodnight lovelies sweet naughty dreams	0
i can watch the videos all day long	0
lmao impossible you wanna see text messages	0
kids running through the house blurting out commands to be funny  .  .  .  no .  same reason i cant use voice commands on xbox one . 	0
sleepy	1
2 hours to kill while my phone gets fixed	1
i need to take me full body pics to show i aint missing no meals	0
superalo no es para tanto whenever you go hoe around i support u bff i need some dick in my life 2 porque tu no me lo vas a dar	0
you talk like you know everything	0
omg vacation plans are set ,  i actually have something to look forward to this summer	0
like their lifeless bodies just laying there .  .  while their family and friends are calling so sad man . 	1
get this guy a show of his own haha	0
thats such a good idea	0
so dissapointed . 	1
i love my family and friends to death .  so much has been done for me and its to many to count and i would never trade for the world	0
all i did was smile	0
craving the chocolate malt ice cream like a bitch rn	1
whoever says danielle brooks isnt a baddie has issues	1
im engaged	0
im engaged	0
she just had an off day ,  every athlete goes through one .  at least di ba ,  she knows na which facet she would focus on hehe . 	0
youre so lucky you left	1
i didnt know your middle name is anthony .  and congrats on graduating	0
is going solo and i want to kms i never got to see one direction perform and now i never will	1
we do not mind #erasmusplus is definitely one of the eu greatest success stories!	0
getting butterflies makes my heart so happy	0
#england #scotland #wales #uk  .   .   .  #europe #worldnews  .   .   .  we are not afraid ,  any more  .   .   .   .   .   . 	0
ur avi is super cute	0
"thats a fire hazard . " "dude ,  lifes a fire hazard . "	0
lol shut up was it really you ?  it looked like your car	0
yeah end all that .  im bout to watch greys anatomy instead	0
feel rougher than a cats tongue	1
feel rougher than a cats tongue	4
my new laundry soap smells like green apples and it makes me happy	0
kassandra is moving to phx wont be able to see her around	1
just keep listening .  thats all i care about .  we all just share opinions .  no reporting going on . 	0
this is a time for labour to appear stronger than ever ,  a motion of no confidence is going to fuck everything up	2
this is a time for labour to appear stronger than ever ,  a motion of no confidence is going to fuck everything up	4
excited for this offer for iesha from bmw .  .  .  crossing fingers it comes thru .  .  . 	0
yes maam	1
trust me ,  i am an expert in cute things and im 200% sure you are super cute give yourself some credit ,  cutie!	0
thank you!	0
take me w you all	1
take me where the palm trees are .  .  . 	1
johns snapchats made my day!	0
i just feel so lost and confused	1
thank you corey i miss you	1
dont try to talk to me sippin on them light ass pops	2
dont try to talk to me sippin on them light ass pops	4
she need some milk	0
omg kayla what even	0
we need to do it again lol!	0
even if i love u with all my heart ,  i can only do so much .  .  .  .  so much .  .  . 	1
for him to try to holla at us like that	1
i need a new plug asap	1
a phone line would do which british telecoms were unable to provide but my pals at virgin could	0
i realized im the shit in la i found that out on saturday when i had guys a girls come up to me wow i need to leave	1
this season of oitnb is so sad	1
sound yeh	0
i know i live it	1
idk why niggas keep doing dumb shit then wonder why i talk shit all day	2
idk why niggas keep doing dumb shit then wonder why i talk shit all day	4
bex called me babe and rubbed my arm and said see you later im teary and she said she was nervous too love you	1
eif withdrawals are real .  #monday	3
eif withdrawals are real .  #monday	5
im just ready to turn up now the gank is definitely	0
im just ready to turn up now the gank is definitely	0
hey amb	0
hey amb	5
it was so nice to meet you today ,  ailla!	0
aint no body cuffin yo ass	0
stop replying to her justice let her bitter soul be	0
sick like i have the flu or stomach virus ugh!	4
more lit* that shit was lit from the beginning lets grind boy	0
such a cock	0
great	2
great	4
anything for food  ,  nope i ate it all	0
anything for food  ,  nope i ate it all	0
get it boi	0
its my 21st birthday today!! can i get a cheeky tweet please ?  hope youre having a great holiday! xx	0
oh okay  ,  im find me a ride so i can come  .  i havent hoop in a year	1
youre welcome!	0
can low key perfectly hear your voice as i read this	1
that gas is more expensive than your jeep	0
i lost all mine but i dont care about you guys i love you still though	0
i want tea	0
i miss you	1
i should sleep	1
its either that or i catch up on sleep .  cuz what social life ? 	0
no weed on me .  dill sleep  .  .  .  i could cry	1
thanks 4 the snaps	0
someday all my dreams will come true	0
with certain people like you	0
ahhh i was kidding .  as much as if love one itd make me sad bc youre so far & couldnt actually go	1
i really need to go see a doctor about my knee	1
her body is diminishing but her mind is still so sharp and it makes me so sad	1
woohoo .  guess whos back ?  meee:smiling_face:️ .  rt if active for a surprise ill pick 3-5 people	0
all of my bitches eat pussy too yes they do . 	2
havent had a cig in a week yall	0
catching feelings was not the damn plan  ,  wtf am i doing yo  ? 	1
thank you jeyni!! mishu	0
at 4am my time r . i . p will not gonna be able to watch it live	1
at 4am my time r . i . p will not gonna be able to watch it live	4
but you fw me & still in my mentions	0
i kw the stress urgh dw just get it done and out the way then u can chillax	0
the lady lettuce toss it gave me free cookies because i was nice to her and let her take care of other customers first	1
niggas can be inlove ,  show off their girl and still be in another female phone	2
niggas can be inlove ,  show off their girl and still be in another female phone	4
a car with no a/c is the worst thing to have	1
its okay my days are always random so .  .  . i love it hahaha .  no routine	0
its okay my days are always random so .  .  . i love it hahaha .  no routine	0
girl this wont about you .  i got more cousins	0
bitch lets gooooo	2
i get the best of both worlds	0
41mb and im out!	1
41mb and im out!	5
one thing i know is not to trust certain people	0
fuck you jansen .  your fired! #dodgers	2
i also want mcdonalds	1
thought i was gonna die yesterday	0
why dont we just become friends and go to music festivals together!	0
i know we can if we believe #shine	0
im just kidding .  cavs aint winning shit	0
omg i forgot about this video but im so happy we got close this year! love you	0
im giving the card to grandpa for his card shower at church on sunday	0
hey guess what i missed ?  kcon!	0
trend #welovelouis instead	0
i have this lingering headache	1
omg i love paranoia so much .  i am such a hoe for emotional and personal songs like that	1
i have 5 hours	1
yo yo yooooooo  ,  everybody show love & follow my bro  .  .  he show love & all that	0
yo yo yooooooo  ,  everybody show love & follow my bro  .  .  he show love & all that	0
woah #prayforlebanon	1
i will always love the hangover films	0
crooked smiles just played on the radio	0
lets not get me started	1
mayb im the reason my love life is like this	1
morning	0
hes not a wanna be hes better	0
id go with 4 from looking at your prof pic xx #benefitbrows	0
shock my heart boom boom	0
"baby cock"	0
done with interview	0
talking to you makes my day . 	0
you know how that go just hmp lol	0
i stopped relying on man ages ago .  .  .  .  .  come on guys theres a big god .  in the sky	0
exactly .  just bout to ft homeboy out the blue like he did me at 4 in the morning cause this shit ridiculous	4
me and ebird aint had this convo face to face yet cus well .  . we b doin thuggery out shyt so we forget to b intellectual	0
#growingupwithmyname ive heard so many different pronunciations even idk how to pronounce it anymore	1
spooning kinda morning but the way my life is set up	1
quit stalling dont use me as the excuse ill catch it whenever	0
love this -md	0
okay	0
the ultimate test	1
thank you kim love you too	0
i will think about it cuz im really not trying to take that im exempt and they still have me taking it .  out of control	0
happy birthday have a great day! thanks for being my best friends boy friends best friend	0
i havent grown that much im still a little heartbroken over this	0
i havent grown that much im still a little heartbroken over this	1
keep them they be like is she in or is she stressing	0
keep them they be like is she in or is she stressing	1
keep them they be like is she in or is she stressing	1
your profile photo is soooooo cute	0
i miss my grandma man  . 	1
lmao im jp mckenzie	1
i aint know he had songs	1
this shits dead ,  why do you got me so fucked up	0
very happy to see you back on the social sphere .  and of course ,  congratulations!	0
teach meeeeeeeee mashallah this is amazing . 	0
less than a month .  .  . 	2
less than a month .  .  . 	5
good morning hello monday ,  hello school works ,  hello stress	1
very unproductive	3
"may the good lord bless and keep you until we meet again"	0
you almost sounded genuinely excited then .  .  .  .  . almost . 	0
i dont want to flex up today either	2
i dont want to flex up today either	4
get this ink today	2
today was such a good day . 	0
im sorry baby	1
lets do english free writing now . 	1
epic	0
ary wah	0
i loved that hope you enjoyed perfume our original ,  it was awesome to play for you - reece x	0
wish i had a nigga around this time	1
i know	0
princess tou princess he	0
when you start to see your abs coming back #progress	0
i need to go to sleep .  im so tired tonight	1
i need to go to sleep .  im so tired tonight	5
thinking about deactivating my instagram acc .  its nothing but childishness ,  messiness ,  & trouble on there	0
i wish we good nights sleep for my girl hope she has pleasant dreams love ya babe	0
awww so so cute bestfriend goal	0
awww so so cute bestfriend goal	0
bc right when you left she gave it to some & said "look ,  she hasnt even opened the book" i guess it had to be old	0
i caught the pink eye eww	4
high my name is seth edwards	0
i just started cracking up and nate wakes up out his sleep "you ok ?  ?  ? " ya just twitter go back to bed	0
i just started cracking up and nate wakes up out his sleep "you ok ?  ?  ? " ya just twitter go back to bed	1
see pinned tweet	0
i wonder if would give us a trip for putting us on their june issue	0
kranjcar "you dont need to ask people about rangers .  the whole world knows about rangers"	0
barca fans celebrating an iniesta assist but arsenal fans arent allowed to celebrate ozils	0
sorry just got one  , 	2
sorry just got one  , 	5
my makeup is popping right now and i really dont want to take it off	1
fall short they collapsed	1
good good it frustrates me and missy every time	0
hungry	0
thanks	0
people from england are so entertaining	0
when a kind of days goes in a matter of minutes .  .  . 	0
when a kind of days goes in a matter of minutes .  .  . 	0
when a kind of days goes in a matter of minutes .  .  . 	5
miss you	0
i know	1
i cant wait for my grad party next week	2
right now i am on this veggie sticks kick lol almost ate the whole dang bag!	0
can you route your way back ? 	0
i like that labelling	0
i got a few pictures of him standing on the bass with his guitar! fucking ran out of internet on the laptop .  #riotinmypants	1
when youre at peace no one can throw off your balance	0
its been a really chill weekend	0
looks delightful	3
looks delightful	5
cant wait for these allergies to disappear  .  i want to smell the air and taste food  . 	1
changing slowly	0
just wanna be cuddled up with you	1
i know right ? ! who goes 30 days ?  ? 	0
i look cute	0
can i touch it ? 	1
you let me know when youre free then!	0
thanks derek	0
man once they started chanting i would of just dropped the glove and ball and left	0
i seen ur tweet ihy	0
goodnight my sweet beans	0
working these 9-10 hour shifts is bittersweet ;  more hours ,  more money but more hours ,  longer time at work	2
working these 9-10 hour shifts is bittersweet ;  more hours ,  more money but more hours ,  longer time at work	4
im down	0
who really won freddy or jason	1
sleep tight bbu	0
sheiiiittt all bad	1
when the boss sends you home just for wearing shorts	0
my auntie be dropping her pills and my dog eats them  ,  poor baby he high n shit	0
bout to go back to my old ways	0
nothing comes close to friends anyway	0
ima skate off in the rauri	2
morgan called and checked on me ,  on her birthday ,  while she was turning up i love my friend mannnn	0
morgan called and checked on me ,  on her birthday ,  while she was turning up i love my friend mannnn	1
you been fishing again ? 	0
theres a little bit of devil in my angel eyes .  .  im a lil bit of heaven with a wild side .  .  tara 3ani ilsong	0
add me on snapchat	0
awwww i thought what we had was real ? 	2
awwww i thought what we had was real ? 	4
im so hurt over the news i just got	1
dont be surprised if i be hollering single in a few hours srsly though .  . 	0
as long as i dont check my debit card balance i still have money	0
yeah shes crazy and thats what i love of her	0
darkskins with the win	0
you are so bomb	0
when all we ever did was love them and ride from them and all they did was hate on us	2
when all we ever did was love them and ride from them and all they did was hate on us	4
god have just been showering me with blessings  . 	1
lmao i wanted to go but it was already late and it was far i cant afford that gas rn	0
lmao i wanted to go but it was already late and it was far i cant afford that gas rn	1
today has been a cluster eff .  why cant things go smoothly for me anymore ? 	1
i need to go to the bahamas	1
these niggas are for everybody thats fasure	1
gonna settle late today ?  can go early	1
i always accidentally send some a chat from there story	2
i always accidentally send some a chat from there story	4
mad now	1
cant sleep	3
literally just rolled out of bed	1
im not dog anymore bae its us against the world cause you are my girl	1
goodnight and sweet dreams esther hope you had a day full of smiles & happiness i love you so much xo	0
goodnight and sweet dreams esther hope you had a day full of smiles & happiness i love you so much xo	0
goodnight and sweet dreams esther hope you had a day full of smiles & happiness i love you so much xo	0
lol man if i didnt have to work i would i got salty when nick said he was gone be with you	1
my sleep-wake cycle is so disturbed these days that i dont remember which thing happend today ,  yesterday or day before yesterday . 	1
love has flown ,  all alone ,  i sit and wonder why .  .  .  ay ay #grease	0
okay good! im glad you realized were friends	0
ok but i win anyways	2
gutted to miss you lovely ,  get well soon	0
i love myself	0
hacked love you ,  twelve	0
not going to lie  .  .  .  i miss florida sunsets  .  .  .  .  literally what i lived for there cant wait to be back	1
you cannot hide	0
bet well just skip em anyway .  we are not there to watch tv . 	2
bet well just skip em anyway .  we are not there to watch tv . 	4
im running out of gas for the gas heater	1
7 , 8 , 9 im feelin fine by number 10 lifes good again	0
you seriously always have the best twitter name	1
i dont blame you	0
i saw it but im already spending 100+ oh and i bought ra for only $3	0
noope	0
trust	0
-phone vibrates -she hmu finally -text from mom .  .  .  -vibrates again -now she hmu -text from dad .  .  .  . 	0
-phone vibrates -she hmu finally -text from mom .  .  .  -vibrates again -now she hmu -text from dad .  .  .  . 	1
no kidding! im just like work .  .  .  or visit .  .  .  hmmm	0
i like it .  when you smile ,  its cute . 	0
just in case you care ,  i just wanna let ya know that im fine . 	0
thanks for change my life babe id be so happy if u call me on facetime te amo #facetimemenash	0
just excited to go home for the weekend	1
i resurrected from the dead .  . 	0
& im still a poppin ass bitch so fuck you	0
i love you . 	0
ooh dang  .  .  .  but 61 years	1
told you	0
church girls be the first ones getting pregnant	2
church girls be the first ones getting pregnant	4
wazzam twitter	0
its 2016 .  i swear if yall dont mf learn to just let ppl love who they love ,  believe what they believe & be whoever they wanna be	2
its 2016 .  i swear if yall dont mf learn to just let ppl love who they love ,  believe what they believe & be whoever they wanna be	4
ose!!! thx sweetpea . 	0
gets up early w/boyfriend for gym .  goes to leave ,  & the bikes tire is flat .  boyfriend goes to fill the tire ,  & leaves w/the house key	1
we are heartbroken!	1
ha! i hear you sister christian!	0
sat in union negotiations - day hasnt got worse but wouldnt describe it as better	3
sat in union negotiations - day hasnt got worse but wouldnt describe it as better	5
i miss basketball	1
any kind of clay mask will help! i like the mint julep mask by queen helene	0
waking up before 6 should be my routine already ,  but everyday is a struggle to get up	1
maybe not right down the road but still i live in boothesville	0
so much for staying off the i blame you xx	0
it was funny	0
11 days and ill be on the beach	0
guissna lolou	0
you turnt ? 	0
wtf is wrong with everybody ?  i swear it was never ever this bad before wtf happen to yall thats making people so upset ? 	1
pls dont dunk on me	0
roughest iv been in a while like	0
you gotta pick me or my homie you cant have both of us	0
self high five .  bang! thanks for being one of my heroes when i was a kid	0
& my manager think im bi polar	0
penge ate	1
yogi didnt get drafted either ? ! ? !	3
yogi didnt get drafted either ? ! ? !	5
you gone be mad when u look back & see u missed out	0
yes girl came downstairs saw the meat being seasoned	0
girls will dead ass sit and cry in front of you and then go fuck with another nigga	2
girls will dead ass sit and cry in front of you and then go fuck with another nigga	4
lit af	0
what i do now	1
ya we can only hope for the best .  . 	0
couldnt ask for a more perfect boat day heading to stoneys for the boat docking contest	0
less than a year til spain 2k17	1
"i know cait .  but ,  theres nothing a little heaven cant fix . " teased again . 	0
whataburger always sounds so good late at night	1
lmfao you werent sure to hug me or punch me when i jumped on you but always great seeing you too gotta catch up bro	0
looking forward to next weeks episode .  #thefosters	0
phst ,  i still have to get through it .  but thank you so much! *frames this tweet*	0
phst ,  i still have to get through it .  but thank you so much! *frames this tweet*	0
im just a kid maybe ill grow out of it lol	0
thanks	0
and the "a" is so horrible	4
lesson learnt	5
im actually wearing one rn	0
hey sister! i miss & love you we gotta get together 1 day this week	1
hey sister! i miss & love you we gotta get together 1 day this week	1
wow  ,  yup done af	0
why do bad things happen to good people	1
i wish i knew	1
wedding august 13th	0
i think my loud ass neighbor moved and i couldnt be happier	0
"mf drunk and tired"	0
whatttt ? 	0
she have yet to update my book i miss reading	1
mine had to leave for the summer	1
welcome to the world blacky ,  freshie and twinkle .  yeay more kittens	0
im sooo tan!!!	0
thanks #marcheshour .  see you next week	0
lmao youd be surprised! im up at 2am everyday	1
hmm imma speak it to you at vidcon	0
omg i just realized that when i went onto your account happy early birthday gorgeous haha	0
half day today	0
yes  .  thanks for checking . 	0
im so bored im so bored idk what to doo	4
im so bored im so bored idk what to doo	1
gahhhh dangggg i know his neck on fire	0
i know u do	0
why did i agree to an 8 . 15 appointment	1
missing people sucks	1
no jesus ,  no know jesus ,  know peace	0
i give drew ls all the time smh	0
- court wednesday then my baby have back-to-back appts	1
june eat those plates too pls	0
noooo you didnt	1
it was all black with tint	1
bitches will literally believe anything that comes out of their boyfriends assholes .  .  just cus he said it dont mean it true ,  weirdo	0
bruh wtf shumpert got on his head	0
then have some hahaha	0
dont be like that you know you got the to my	0
when does kicks come out ?  that movie look hella good	1
* deletes tweet *	0
si ken *as if close*	0
youre so pretty ma	0
as good as i can be whilst stuck at school	0
how does that even happen  ? 	0
recycled all immortals	0
always a pleasure for you wendy have a lovely weekend too	0
so ,  wed like to reward the very first person who followed us yesterday when we started this announcement	0
cheers ,  laugh at me working all day	1
mentally and physically exhausted	1
mentally and physically exhausted	4
did you know!! the colour of your trousers affects your education! i am #grateful for what budehaven teaches me	0
sorry to hear that .  ill miss you ,  & i hope everything works out for you! if you ever need someone to talk to ,  im	1
star just gave me a great idea	0
8lt ah	2
never have been more close to quitting my job than i am right now	0
lmao mike  ,  she dont deserve whatever boyfriend she got  .  ill take him	0
want my skin to glow my body right get right with the lord all summer 16	0
hahaha maybe mike is just more important to me lol my phone broke so i didnt get it	0
hahaha maybe mike is just more important to me lol my phone broke so i didnt get it	0
i should definitely be used to the wind doing this but i still freaked out thinking someone was trying to break in to my house just now	0
 .   .   .  tryna run it so i can blow it like its nothing	0
just now seeing this love you	1
out there:grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:! this is very own powerstation:electric_plug: .  jet:airplane:️ set radio:satellite_antenna:! over:right_arrow_curving_up:️ the hood:houses: ,  through:play_button:️ the and rig	0
*ducked up*	0
btw its almost 3am . 	1
i wanna go to the gym but im so full still	1
last ep of gossip girl is an emotional roller coaster	1
thankyou mikay godbless . 	0
maam record temps this week tho ?  #popsiclechallenge	0
gotta start moving tomorrow	0
thank you	0
ive been sat with my laptop since i got home from college and i still havent got the first line for my personal statement	1
ive been sat with my laptop since i got home from college and i still havent got the first line for my personal statement	5
why am i up	2
why am i up	4
ok yea when i was dancing i didnt know what i was doing tbh i was just doing anything	0
ok yea when i was dancing i didnt know what i was doing tbh i was just doing anything	0
ok yea when i was dancing i didnt know what i was doing tbh i was just doing anything	1
update kita with the sched asap . 	0
i woke up happy as hell .  so i started blocking people that bring drama in my life . 	0
disgusting how rude some people are in this country ,  makes me ashamed	4
i feel like fuckin with ppl now	0
why do females call me "sugghar" ? 	1
weak at myself	0
im dead ass thou	0
you dont know for a fact .  we got a ton of yeezys .  just wait for pics ,  clown	0
want to meet and contact with thailand people	0
off-shoulder again today .  #aldubiyamin14days	0
2016 is not a good year ,  were losing too many talented people . just keeps reminding me my idols wont be around forever . 	1
why not buy limited for pc and definitive for xbone and swap the discs around ?  practically the same	0
none of this shit promised	0
im faithful to you ,  im loyal to you addiction baby  .  this is on repeat  . 	1
this shit scary	0
i want some breakfast and dont feel like moving im backwards as hell	2
i want some breakfast and dont feel like moving im backwards as hell	4
who wants to go watch finding dory	0
first day of nhs board and ig i already have a nickname	0
lol blood he already know the deal	0
ima jst leave him alone ,  cause my feelings getting hurt	1
some people really think they smarter than everyone else ,  like seriously ? 	3
but season 6 is gonna more ,  i literally cried the end	1
aww were sorry youve been through it too .  i never knew people could be so cruel but were going & thats all that matters	0
just change my afternoon!	0
pinto stalk	0
miss you busy lad!	1
miss you busy lad!	4
why is so cute	0
i told her my magic trick was setting spray & she looked it up & started online shopping setting sprays lol	0
you a lil nigga	0
thank you ilham	0
i like your new video its amazing video! i love you & your videos .  so .  .  .  can i look like you ,  please ? ! u r beautiful	0
i would take a picture with u if i was there	0
im bored as fuck	1
please	1
a bump session is calling my name rn	0
so horrible .  i feel sick to my stomach right now . 	0
when my tl is granny ongkisa kwa le kwa but when its shes quite .   .  . hai this is witchcraft	2
im not surprised	0
trop tard	2
good as always ,  u  ? 	0
thats truuu	0
actually worries me that david cameron is walking out as our prime minister ,  felt like he changed this country for the better in his time	0
bruh same my phone started blowing up and i was like why ? 	0
hacked by love yooohhhhhh:face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss::red_heart:️:red_heart:️:red_heart:️	0
hacked by love yooohhhhhh:face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss::red_heart:️:red_heart:️:red_heart:️	0
i am in the absolute worst pain right now .  my back hurts so fucking bad	1
i think we can all go home now ,  youve absolutely nailed it	0
i had a great time but im hot and tired niggeration was turnt as hell	1
didnt end up going to work after all	1
after every workout i notice i put in a little make effort than the class before .  my body is slowly adjusting	0
so mean! em i honestly cant remember all that much	1
congrats on graduating #2k16	0
im ready to get back home already	1
thank you liz .  i hope youre having a good day . 	0
tho winter is here next season is the last season	2
tho winter is here next season is the last season	4
taking these contacts out got me feeling like im doing surgery or defusing a bomb of some shit .  stressful	1
taking these contacts out got me feeling like im doing surgery or defusing a bomb of some shit .  stressful	5
thanks jaipal yeah obvs x	0
thanks jaipal yeah obvs x	0
lmao wait how i saved my drunk tweet from last night…i was tripping	0
two of my no voter friends have already come out for yes ,  the staunchest one offering to help campaign	0
focus on the positives and positivity will come back like a boomerang life is good be happy . 	0
focus on the positives and positivity will come back like a boomerang life is good be happy . 	0
and now they not even premiering till mid season what a shame	0
they got my baby fucked up ,  he wasnt on long enough	1
lol someone give me a reason to use my car	0
thank you	0
miss you guys	1
laying in the dark listening to music	0
same	1
oh girl ,  y u do dis ? 	2
oh girl ,  y u do dis ? 	4
only i could could just fall asleep and the full pelt slingshot my phone right between my fucking eyed	2
thanks man  ,  i miss ya dawg:exclamation_mark:️	0
these bitches dont even work tho so if a man makes 40k a year thats not enough for you ? 	1
come and see me for once  .  you dont never come to me  . 	1
life is hard .  .  .  love is even harder	1
only one siwon pict for today	1
craving white cheddar popcorn	0
thank you for making her day .  we appreciate how busy you are	0
that was my next picture	2
that was my next picture	4
this bar is amazing!!!! #fuckenawesome #82	0
that was great story with useful advice .  . reminded me of the mulberry trees of my youth	0
my mind and body are friends ,  in deep competition to become the strongest	1
still cant believe i havent seen datsik yet	1
ill see you there papa	0
just what i need it	1
just what i need it	5
ok but seriously on my free time im usually either watching makeup tutorials or videos of puppies falling asleep	0
im on my way im sorry	1
i said bitch ima gon get money and thats with or without ya	0
every time im become friends with someone .  .  . she does too its annoying asf	2
every time im become friends with someone .  .  . she does too its annoying asf	4
its crazy cause a nigga out here	0
migraines are the worst	1
youre welcome once again lol neta all i see in my news feed is you guys talking shit	0
who charger can i borrow at duval  ? 	0
cant sleep	1
yeaa she my bitch foreva eva	2
i only have two pairs and i hate them both	3
i only have two pairs and i hate them both	5
ion want smoke i cant fight	0
sounds good	0
why you draking for ? 	1
neck kisses &gt ; 	1
game of thrones s6 e9 omg	5
didnt wanna do it to ta but when you mess with the photoshop king you gotta expect that	0
cuz its not out yet	0
cause i dont have a life	1
the same people hating on curry retweet his crazy shots .  .  .  . yall switch up like sheep	0
i wish i had enough money to do the things i want to my car	1
happy birthday ,  ig ,  to a pretty bomb youre finally an official teenager ,  #hbd	0
stunners!	0
lol i gotta chill on my jealousy	0
my end results of this	0
i thought that was you so i totally fell for it	1
im not going anyway	0
thats why i dont do that lame shit no more i dont get the same reaction like before	2
thats why i dont do that lame shit no more i dont get the same reaction like before	4
i wonder do the people i stalk stalk me too	0
im tired but im not sleepy if that makes sense	1
i know	0
lets work out ,  do squats on my face	0
pray for this world	1
cant b waiting on me when im with him  ,  straight kid napped	0
i miss her	1
no problem	0
that should shut him up	0
of course ,  westley would have called me an asshole and laughed	0
salty i got this gucci belly tryna b cool and he got a 6 pack now .  all that snacking for nothing	2
salty i got this gucci belly tryna b cool and he got a 6 pack now .  all that snacking for nothing	4
we had math together 1st semester but never really talked your cool though from what i know but a stranger	2
we had math together 1st semester but never really talked your cool though from what i know but a stranger	5
put some respek on my milf this fcfortune chick lowkey showing her hoe ways  .  .  .   .  . some women are so s…	0
put some respek on my milf this fcfortune chick lowkey showing her hoe ways  .  .  .   .  . some women are so s…	2
put some respek on my milf this fcfortune chick lowkey showing her hoe ways  .  .  .   .  . some women are so s…	4
i dont drink juice or soda at all .  .  .  if it aint its henny	0
liar .  liar .  liar .  ugh	2
and l . lynch tried to say they discussed grandkids on plane says "this just in ,  has no grandchildren"	0
fuck .  is my period coming ?  ?  ?  ?  my stomach so pain omfg	1
fucking gay	0
i yawned thats a good sign right	0
as long as i get an invite	0
as long as i get an invite	1
-&gt ;  thank you ,  barbara! good to have you on this chilly faux-friday	0
youre welcome hope its a good one boo . 	0
yeah whatever after all you did put us together	0
yeah whatever after all you did put us together	0
im crine .  word!!!! a pound only $1 . 37 in britain i know they getting high af	3
im crine .  word!!!! a pound only $1 . 37 in britain i know they getting high af	5
leave epl for man u	0
what a terrifying week for #orlando!	1
ill pay	0
welcome to #teamnissan	0
im so accident prone	0
idc if teams lose all the time but losing 5-0 thats disrespectful thats hot basura	4
lmao i got a dollar because of this vine	0
chill	0
huhu im crying proud of u meng!! #aldub11thmonthsary	1
ya home girl dont know how to spell boy dance group	1
everything is getting worse than before	1
lol roomie is busy doing something in her room so i stuck my straw into her milkshake and am chugging as much as i can b4 she comes back	0
roma gone to belarus now i wont see him until september	1
when the characters die i be feeling like my soul just got ripped out	1
feel like im off today ,  but im not	1
ok bad asl	0
they fucking slipping they playing like some hoes	0
they fucking slipping they playing like some hoes	1
nobody up	1
thx ,  thought better idea then spoons	0
oh thought the way you had written that youd ,  well had had a strong one!!	0
fair saturday	0
tell that to my phone everytime i turn my shit on it says his name and "im not finna play with nobody daughter"	1
very luxurious	0
my mom shook my sprite before i opened it and gave it to me and it spilled all over my bed	4
what gives  ?  1/2 the seats on this 1st class car face backward ,  incl .  mine & i suffer from horrible motion sickness . 	4
my lrt	0
we also have cats too sometimes! #bringinyourresume	0
you girls are all fine! my southern accent is strong and i hate it	3
you girls are all fine! my southern accent is strong and i hate it	5
he can have your sex ,  i got your soul . 	0
we really are sisters! had a sand spider & a scorpion terrorize me one night! i put on layers ,  a ski mask & googles!	0
we really are sisters! had a sand spider & a scorpion terrorize me one night! i put on layers ,  a ski mask & googles!	1
alicia key might not have the keys to her vocal chords ,  but she sure damn have the keys to your mans house . "	0
smh she silly	0
happy birthday cay bae  ,  i love you so much & have fun dont do anything crazy babe	0
its okay i know rachels just waiting until her feet can reach the pedals	0
i just want to cuddle with you and watch movies all day	0
tom lives his life like hes in a movie its so cringy	4
my great aunts are so cute and short	0
tell her thanks	0
but jesus love me more than most	0
happy birthday jerry:red_heart:️ !! sorry im not boutahh be dere buhh you know wassup & imm not gonna rapp you up fool  .  have fun !	0
happy birthday jerry:red_heart:️ !! sorry im not boutahh be dere buhh you know wassup & imm not gonna rapp you up fool  .  have fun !	0
thank love you too	0
thank love you too	0
chile dear . 	0
beautiful finish #irl	3
beautiful finish #irl	5
okay! i did my part!	0
that just made my night ,  tbh . 	0
im sorry	0
my been laying in the bed all day curls .  . 	0
back in the good days	0
happy birthday	0
at least you aint 6 foot	0
you know how i feel why would you do that	1
cant wait to go back to my fave place tomorrow its been two years too long	2
oh barbershop you say ?  perhaps you will share your experience with the barbershop later	0
oh barbershop you say ?  perhaps you will share your experience with the barbershop later	0
what can i say ,  im v popular	0
i love your and your layout is your ratio is on point ,  we dont speak much	0
under this pressure under this weight we are just diamonds taking	4
whats good with kevin though ? 	0
- girl we go wayyy back	0
my parents used to take me to the cinema with a tub of sunflower and pumpkin seeds and i thought they were a right treat	0
at least meron	0
i wasnt expecting that ,  until my phone blew up	0
i can back up bts next time jkjk	0
the bolton died like a little piece of shit #gameofthrones #ocsgot	2
that the best thing thats ever happened to you is sitting there right under your nose . 	1
living stress free dont need nobody but & my family & this cash baby	0
living stress free dont need nobody but & my family & this cash baby	0
its a song	1
seem like everybody dying young	1
when you show up at zanes and no ones there .  .  . 	0
always loved your music since you first started out:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face:️ happy birthday!!	0
always loved your music since you first started out:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face:️ happy birthday!!	0
summertime is happy time	0
exactly! and then when you finally manage to eat it just makes you feel gross!	4
dont lie to me	4
kinda just crept on you	2
kinda just crept on you	5
thank you! such an adorable headband	0
smfh let it go	4
it made me laugh fam	0
dont apply at foot locker if you dont wanna get fucked over and not get paid shit	0
why do i have such a piece of shit extended family ? 	0
you know how close we are by the type of snaps i send you	0
if only	1
what  ? 	0
they put you on fucking tv	0
when you already have that perfect love story of yours but is just all in your head	1
1 .  mutual ^^ 2 .  poodiepoop 3 .  ur crush if u have one mehehe 4 .  10/10 i love your header 5 .  11/10	0
rachet pussy makes me nervous	0
so excited for tomorrow	0
send ya boy emojis	0
literally in tears rn bc i feel so sick	4
kevin sick of everybody talking shit	0
from 8:00pm till 2:00am .  hahaha	0
oh no i wasnt	0
enjoy life and make the best of it while youre still here	0
2:08 am cant sleep	3
#ripchristina i gonna miss you . 	1
feeling anxious already lol this is a first time buying tickets without knowing if ill get the days i want!	3
i demand a present from all the girls that have called me daddy this year	0
7 crore worth it the stadium has been renovated by the government of india at a cost of over rs .  7 crore . ”	3
7 crore worth it the stadium has been renovated by the government of india at a cost of over rs .  7 crore . ”	5
he really just dont know	1
just know that these streets dont love you like i do	0
please tell me these comments are fake	3
please tell me these comments are fake	5
you really did it	0
thanks .  ordered already . 	0
i kid i kid	0
you will love the finale .  it is probably the best season finale so far . 	0
maybe has one he can spare ,  you should hit him up . 	0
yes .  like i said ,  gold cap gets removed permanently ,  for one . 	0
proud moment because i hit my first grand slam tonight #gorats	0
belgium vs italy .  tomorrow .  cant wait	0
need my stomach to feel better bout time i go to this game or im just staying on the bench	1
cause you do	0
epic	0
thanks gabsterrr	0
think you wouldve killed him if we werent in that class together	0
think you wouldve killed him if we werent in that class together	0
after long days and bein out ,  i just wanna cuddle up with my dog and babe	1
on chee that shit irra	0
2 days in a row well spent with jenna	0
i m sure u never want to spend ur whole day with this sort of pain	0
guys that actually look right with nose rings	0
very manager in the running for next england manager ,  is a no go in my opinion ,  only mourhinio is worthy but its a no chance option	2
very manager in the running for next england manager ,  is a no go in my opinion ,  only mourhinio is worthy but its a no chance option	4
congrats! so happy for you . 	0
i gotta wake up in the morning to go work out	1
i gotta wake up in the morning to go work out	1
baddie	0
what an absolute cluster of a day	2
i feel like ive scammed everyone bc ive voted for 2gb before remembering i paid extra for 4gb	5
im so ready for football season yall dont understand	0
good looking	2
tonight is a night to remember yall did great ily #	0
hadi best friend ngan your ex yg mana ?  lol no ,  not hadi .  ni ex from form 5 till we were 18	0
child of god shouldnt be wanting this .  however ,  buy and send pictures . 	0
its actual stress	1
ques .  .  lord have mercy	1
the only answer i have is that he literally wanted one ,  hes also brought a strobe light and a dj set thing one man rave	0
second time weve gone to make dinner only to realize all our groceries didnt make it home from #dinnertime #oops #letdown	5
nothing worse than being over tired	2
nothing worse than being over tired	4
watch this	0
why you so perfect lets be friends ? 	1
cheers pal!	0
cheers pal!	0
females really be tryna poke they ass out hella far for pictures	0
he doesnt have white lips	0
when your friend in atlanta lit right now	1
sexy bitch	0
surprised my dad with tiger tickets for fathers day	0
pooh its okay i love you we stuck forever dcsincebabies	0
cerseis dress oh my lord	0
i had a series of bad dreams last night . 	3
i had a series of bad dreams last night . 	5
so this dude is trying to fight me i was like "bitch square up" and he said he would beat my face in lls tbh hes lowkey	0
so this dude is trying to fight me i was like "bitch square up" and he said he would beat my face in lls tbh hes lowkey	0
had a dream/nightmare i weighed in at 123 and the next day i weighed myself and i was 174 woke up and got on the scale lol wrestler probz	3
aaawww .  .  .  so nice of you thanks!	0
cute	0
if yall catch my drift	0
yo baby my baby but only on pay day	2
this nigga fuckin crazy	0
only saw leah a few days ago and already miss her like mad	0
at work starving	1
lmao ur right my b	0
might be going for lunch alone today	0
still cute tho	0
its been a min	0
aint nothing worse than a lebron fan	0
i love shopping with my bestfriend i swear	0
you know youre still not over those daddy issues when you buy your mom a fathers day present #happyfathersday lol	0
no bitch no problems	0
surprised to know how quick sindhhighcourt ruled out decision on issue	3
people testing you .  ?  ?  no people testing me . !!!	1
sadly heading into a full day of work .  i was hoping for a half day	1
how many windows of those buildings did he put through ?  9/11 wasnt a plane ,  it was joe!	0
what bitch	0
just the wsy you are	0
with you 100% kevin! time for a bit of delayed programmatic specificity ol chap! #kevin16	0
i cant wait till tomorrow to watch fancam haha	0
somebody ft me	1
what if your the one that got away come back ? 	0
heyyyy wyd  ? 	0
liking my new hair doo!!!!	0
roy going to bring on jack wilshere	3
yeah	0
ole girl really be lurkin we good ma	0
ready for those "lebron aint do shit ,  kyriee did it all" tweets	1
the 24th im going out to eat with 25th work in the a . m then sleepover 26th church & then movie night/kb	0
bro idk	1
school ,  work repeattt	1
im off a whole week in july	0
lmao yo i deadass cant win .  ima just start speaking sign language to them tho fr	1
i think you were the last to respond	1
i think you were the last to respond	5
i love you drew	0
i wanna go down west tomorrow	1
cant wait until he comes back  .  . 	0
didnt get all my sleep i needed	3
didnt get all my sleep i needed	5
the group chat with haley and braden is probably my favorite	0
grade 9 lapad ng books ,  start on monday may klase na .  requirements agad . 	1
youre very good! still will be a successful singer!	0
pretty sure teacher has no clue of peak time train etiquette that school kids are supposed to stand if a paying adult is wanting a seat . 	0
um no .  im just annoyed . 	2
um no .  im just annoyed . 	4
emma takes on disney	0
hard on a hoe .  blame it on my last one	0
all i do is eat and sleep	0
d-day	0
nothing like a clean car	0
good morning have a great	0
you still wit .  .  .  .  ?  serious question aint tryna be funny .  .  but i miss you i really do lol	0
what ?  what would i do ? 	0
finna punch my ma in the damn face for telling my nephew he could stay another night im not with the babysitting shit	0
still havent seen x-men apocalypse	1
next sunday starts #sharkweek	0
last subj	0
i just this duster/blazer and i really hope it looks as good on me as im imagining	0
my man full he just ate	0
feel like ive always got something to worry or stress about	1
i cant believe its ended for god	1
tell me how you feel	0
getting gel instead of acrylics was such a good idea	0
movie date and la pot when i get home ? 	0
#ripbunter2016 wth happend ? 	1
but you will definetly care about me . 	0
why i got a mosquito bite on the bottom of my foot	2
still waiting . 	0
when your all about justin drew bieber so when he comes on tv and you have a panic attack and your mom is like wrong with you im like	5
im so happy for and we all know he deserves every bit of it .  congratulations to him and his fandom	0
thank youuuuu! love & miss you	0
you practiced ? 	1
where did you guys go	0
if there was another player i wouldve put you on his head but i wanted you in there somehow so i made it…	0
one more week	1
it honestly loki looks like the mine music video	0
trying hard to steal my bestfriend from me huh ?  sorry bitch youll never succeed you evil monster	0
or himchan just let daehyun to choose his bday gift while shopping .  bday treat ? 	0
happy fathers day to all the dads .  you are the pillars of our families .  may god bless you	0
you look great hunter ,  love the make up	0
when you finish reading a book and dont know what to do with your life .  .  . 	1
im starting to wonder how many of these "positive" things are kicking around at the #euro2016 must be a few as everyone is taking loads	0
used to be so close but dont speak anymore! so lovely ,  good looking and got a bit in message more b x	0
used to be so close but dont speak anymore! so lovely ,  good looking and got a bit in message more b x	0
i had this guy at work convinced pendejo meant good morning in spanish for 2 weeks .  hes been saying it to people until the whole time	0
watching gossip girl over again for the third time never gets old	0
watching gossip girl over again for the third time never gets old	0
no air in my room  ,  just hot	1
soooooooo yummy!	0
i really cant wait for my birthday because im going to lagoon and moe always surprises me so good too	1
i swear all i do is sleep ,  eat and go to work	1
my allergies sooo baddd	1
im laughing and scratching my head at the same time .  what on earth is happening ? 	0
how foolish i am for thinking i can sleep early	0
eric dier going for it ,  love it	0
finally im home	1
done got real bold with this new hair color	2
done got real bold with this new hair color	5
bout smallies .  i am salting . 	1
probably in jail	0
late night talks	0
thats the scariest part	0
turkey with turkey bacon	0
its not my fault .  i had so many house helps when i was young .  they made me eat all sorts of things	0
its not my fault .  i had so many house helps when i was young .  they made me eat all sorts of things	1
happy 45th bebe . 	0
i wasnt ready to provide sugar anyways  ;  lmfao	0
everybody baby daddy dien shit crazy thats why i pray and cherish every moment with mines	1
you know its summer when all nighters become a normal thing . 	0
so want to be there .  .  . !	0
no fr who the fuck was head hoe	1
the meaner i am the more i like you	4
someone hmu	0
7 mo school days	0
hey tiffany ,  after this heartbreaking week how are you ?  are you ok ?  please be safe	1
have a super swim .  over and out	0
can make it	0
tell me about it  .  you pretty chilly yersel	0
thanks bf i love you	0
i am good ,  tired still	2
i am good ,  tired still	5
pissed beyond ordinary measures	1
when i see lovers names carved in a tree ,  i dont think its sweet .  i just think its surprising how many people bring a knife on a date	0
annoyed is not even the word	2
my dedication to is real due to the fact that im poor & just bought the face palette .  but i have no regrets! i need to glow . 	0
aah ,  season 1 deyna they were so cute .  has any tv couple been shipped quicker than these 2 .  i mean ep1 scene 2 am i righ…	0
office	0
dont tell me you thought i was backing the bully	1
wmatsui used to be my most fav otp ,  now i can never ship any two people so hard anymore	0
tequila shots will be the death of me	4
do not wanna go to work tonight	1
exit my mentions	0
people be mad when you dm them and screenshot they boyfriend i helped you  .  .  .  sisterly love bihhhhhh  .  .  . 	1
just started crying because i realized this is last ever time as kate . 	1
cant wait to see kim on tuesday	1
its ok im not a civilian life you can treasure me whether in army or not	2
my poor tiny carrot	1
itll be done in a min!	0
dajour do the littlest things to annoy me	1
sheeeeesh	1
lets score a shorty	0
lovely job . 	0
youre so dumb . 	1
please save me from the spider in my room	1
my feet are killing me	1
tom is all about the drama just leave you mardarse #loveisland	0
i joce bad all day and idc idc .  i live for this shit	0
read both they shits fucc wrong with em	0
i love your job too	0
i just grabbed mad food and went into my room and turned on the a . c back to oitnb . 	0
i woke up and found blindy hidden under the couch cause hes so afraid of the thunderstorm	1
this ones a no-brainer if it doesnt say "not tested on animals" on the label dont even think about buying it ya sicko	0
man that shit smack	1
the only constant stuff in my bag are my credit card ,  wet tissues and of course my beloved alcohol	0
#yousoold ;  back then in ur time  .  . the rainbow came in black and white	0
fam we should have brought our tents #thebigclash	1
love my sister thanks for today & makeup… you da bestestttt	0
he is just &gt ;   .  .  the little things he do	0
#yele university	0
hardest on league one football	0
this rain is gonna cause shrinkage to my hair	1
what happened ? 	3
what happened ? 	5
🏻 only thing green is the mascara on independence day	0
ah i remember that	1
shut up austin	0
enter me in #jendiygiveaway hope i win this 405	1
oh wow! our jokes almost became a reality d .  haii!	3
i am so sore today	1
im actually in a pretty cheerful mewd today! i actually would!	0
i need friends	3
i need friends	5
sahnn we was rl high assshidd trying drive the bumpercars earlier	1
dont worry be happy love you	0
on late night with seth meyers	0
that beautiful smile when i take the first sip of my varied-favourite alcohol & realise the proportion of mix with the alcohol is perfect . 	0
waiting for my pizza	0
i am mad that ramsay bolton is dead . 	1
alright damn boyyyyyy i see u	0
if nev came upstairs she would be livid im sitting on her bed naked	0
if nev came upstairs she would be livid im sitting on her bed naked	1
thank you rhiannon	0
lol i had to tag you because your song was in there	0
its rigged	1
idk y im up so early .  bacc to sleep	1
ughhh we literally just left .  .  my son would have been pumped	1
when the sun is out ,  the freckles come out	3
when the sun is out ,  the freckles come out	5
something about blue/green eyes gets me every time	1
can i donate more  ?  in fact .  .  . ill drive over and collect him . 	0
wow! how good does stephen look in a 3 piece suit!	0
new mascot	0
bout to meet bae so we can go get this syep smarttrip . 	0
just checking ,  autograph tickets are first come ,  first serve ,  not lottery ?  im too used to sdcc craziness #cantwait #ax2016	0
cmon ma youve been through this twice already you should be pro	0
is lol i take it back	0
me at ur stupid jokes	0
morgan freeman been 75 all my life	0
it makes me so mad seeing women being mistreated	1
i dont fuck with those dry ass conversations	2
i dont fuck with those dry ass conversations	4
well wateva was going on w/ these bring these and come on	0
well wateva was going on w/ these bring these and come on	0
justin	0
love the cat!	0
idk i got so much to get handled with them its ridiculous	1
idk i got so much to get handled with them its ridiculous	4
kase nga if i go down yall going down with me	0
too much fun	0
happy birthday pimp	0
she call me this morning n ask me how i feel abt turning 21 .  im like bruh the ink on my 20 barely dry .  meen want ur speed	1
she call me this morning n ask me how i feel abt turning 21 .  im like bruh the ink on my 20 barely dry .  meen want ur speed	4
thanks	0
thank you for making me a better person you bring so much love & positivity into my please follow x13 , 501	0
thank you for making me a better person you bring so much love & positivity into my please follow x13 , 501	0
and thats why i refuse to move the melbourne	0
no why would you want to die over a thing	1
i got you . 	0
i had to take out all my piercings for my operation last month and i could never get my nipple bar back in	1
having food poisoning sucks	4
good morning gau .  happy new day	0
cant get enough of your gone ass	0
before i know it ,  its gone be july and time for me to start packing .  .  #vsu20 yall ready ? 	1
i miss you shawty	1
this is it . 	2
this is it . 	5
arbys curly fries sound so good right now	0
take me back to disney world	1
that works out well then gambling isnt my thing either	0
brooo ,  wheres the climax of this story	1
how to react positively to things that are beyond your control ? 	1
hihi .  .  .  .  still making sense to me	0
safe travel friend	0
on count down ,  3 more days! revise revise revise . 	4
i know right i was ignoring someone and it opened it so had to talk to them . 	0
man wat i was throwing up for 2 days	1
ready to order this haaaaaair	0
when u ((((holla)))) bk! #ff #uniteblue	0
has to be then	0
so unexpected #angganda #aldub11thmonthsary	1
so unexpected #angganda #aldub11thmonthsary	4
so unexpected #angganda #aldub11thmonthsary	1
def one day !!! lol	0
thank you	0
1 of the best 1st year basketball players ive ever seen right from jump street .  massive potential & great things i know are in store . 	0
my car not even all that but if yo car beat tf down im sorry u getting no play	0
why is friday so close to monday yet monday is sooo very far from friday ? 	2
why is friday so close to monday yet monday is sooo very far from friday ? 	4
just so you know ,  im one of the happiest person right now .  #allin216	1
i need to find something to do today	2
i need to find something to do today	4
ooooh that was suppose to hurt my feelings bye dumb ass you weak like i said i can have ya nigga if i want	0
ooooh that was suppose to hurt my feelings bye dumb ass you weak like i said i can have ya nigga if i want	0
panda express sounds so good rn	3
9 hours and ill be home	1
im not sure hes koalified for this discussion . 	0
i usually have the sweepers pacing me so im good .  #ultrachat	0
5 yr old birthday parties make you realise your old	1
i got the job at the staple center .  and now the stub hub & la convention center want to hire me	0
gay we couldve did stuff together	1
fans acting like animals and youre making jokes about #sco #nobodylikeuswedontcare #makesmeashamedtobepartbritish	0
work monday in this heat	2
work monday in this heat	4
find me him	1
i could get used to this	0
ireland are shit anyway	0
if you a owe you ass whoopin ,  i never forgot .  .  trust me . 	0
pic credits to ths owner	0
pretty sure we hated each other in elementary and idk why but youre so so so pretty and seem so sweet!	0
pretty sure we hated each other in elementary and idk why but youre so so so pretty and seem so sweet!	0
when croatia was your team in a sweepstake	1
lololol ,  that was definitely a good reason to preorder then .  how many djs do you have then ?  o____o	0
that was .  .  .  interesting	2
that was .  .  .  interesting	4
im tryna fuck the da lady in her mouth tho !	0
lets try it	0
i love arabic music it puts me in such a good mood	0
hes angry im just wishing him .  what do i do with this forgetful brain of mine  ? 	1
just finished getting mine cut .  not faded though .  cant pull that off	0
cramping and i just wish i could be laid up gettin my tummy rubbed	1
lmaoooo its okay it was bonding but .  link up	0
lmaoooo its okay it was bonding but .  link up	0
lmaoooo its okay it was bonding but .  link up	0
three words and im all yours flying leg kick	0
three words and im all yours flying leg kick	0
how bout you ? 	0
stories of people almost drowning at pool parties are my absolute favourite ,  please never hesitate to share guys	0
you be looking cute	0
bruno mars - jus the way you are	3
bruno mars - jus the way you are	5
morning sunshine	0
its a camp out too so bring ya tents	0
i miss you tooo	0
i miss you tooo	0
see ya there  . 	0
great night	0
&& i get to see my niece tomorrow after 9 long months i may keep her here with me .  .  .  she was born to be a beach baby native anyways . 	1
forgive me but i am not still over with that just right ch ver . 	0
chat is forever childish	0
she was literally so sweet .  i cant have any more cats though ;  otherwise ,  i wouldve taken her	1
thanks teh!	0
lol nah i got bills to pay	0
and sure i am looking forward a bit romance with his assistant though orz its cute but thankfully the drama is fast paced	0
im not longer going to try making people happy .  im going to worry about me and my needs . 	0
im finally meeting in two weeks .  im nervous	1
i want a tub of lip gloss & zaxbys	0
me and my sister conversations b lit lol . 	0
la guitarra en the day that never comes	0
awesome click dii i visited this palace 4 years back but in afternoon .   .  .  . i wish if i had seen it at night .   .  . its beautiful	0
i love you even more lex	0
iz like we actually literally meant bye felicia ,  felish	1
i ain’t trying to go to work	1
what you think  ? 	0
i dont like tris stuble	3
dude is so pressed he talking about how he cant wait to come back and anchor for sacramento	1
boss yo life up	0
its so stuffy in here	1
its so stuffy in here	4
yes maam	0
i told them to fuck off .  .  i hate them so much!!	2
and works at the bbc ?  shocked .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 	0
im supposed to b with my rn	1
helena in 4th	0
nopeeeee .  phone ,  gas ,  car insurance ,  co-pays ,  needs ,  wants ,  etc .  they pay for the house and the food in it .  the end . 	1
joints in bed w bae	0
wahey!!! theres a lot of writers in the beds ,  bucks & herts area!!!!!	0
i bounce back from any situation ima always be good ya hea meh	0
i bounce back from any situation ima always be good ya hea meh	0
theres something wrong with them	1
attention my amazing husband painted our bedroom last night and its perfect .  i am so lucky to have him . 	0
damn she really dont fuck wit me	0
if you take a hour to text me back without an explanation on god imma take an entire day to text you back dont play wit…	1
allergies again #aldubksreunion	2
allergies again #aldubksreunion	4
i came with my bestfriend ,  i didnt bring money sorry cuz !!	1
i wouldnt mind #bbcorey glued to me #bb18 #bigbrother18	0
i havent eaten today	1
youre welcome ,  william! hope youre having a good day . 	0
great to hear you two are back tomorrow .  can we expect loads of exciting new features ? 	0
love ya!	0
yeah i think were gonna do the desert games in september	0
i thought so	0
in one of my i just want to be to myself phone going on dnd dont want to talk to nobody	2
in one of my i just want to be to myself phone going on dnd dont want to talk to nobody	4
yall this might be my last tweet im finna be in chicago	1
finally worked out what zacs hair looks like ,  its that blonde penguin	0
alotta weird shit going on	3
alotta weird shit going on	5
were all alone i need to be sleep	1
wont be the same without you kayway	1
you right you right .  thanks bruh	0
i know lmao i was being petty	1
just saw someone passed out drunk on the pavement ,  bear in mind it is pouring down with rain .  and all in the name of stupid tuesday	1
"we just talk" .  .  .  .  yea that sounds good right  ? 	0
i dont know how much energy im gonna have to end edc with kahn . 	3
youre welcome ,  hope you have an amazing day!!	0
why malaysia dont have vasantham channel	1
the computer room	0
i love you and i miss you ill tweet our m&g photo soon	0
you should livestream more ,  its so nice to see what youre up to	0
litteraly everything is the opposite of our youtube	0
another years rent paid upfront .  .  .  ouch! so painful! but thats another year sorted in our lovely little home . 	0
my insomnia is so bad	1
i joined the big kid vape club today	4
so embarrassing	1
he wake me up out my sleep all the time!	2
yall remember that bus safety video with shaq ? 	0
how to be her po	1
i laughed so hard when that doll said tick-tock bitches	0
aint nothing worse than when u talking to a gal who 17 and you find out her sister 19	1
im bout to take a long ass shower ,  cleaning the kettle was hell	1
i wanna go to oomfs house & play all day	1
yeah and for that even in 2016 you still gotta be a doofus	1
from 8 . 30 til 2 . 30 .  what a tiring day	1
from 8 . 30 til 2 . 30 .  what a tiring day	4
dime jon	0
when you speak truthfully ,  from a space of acceptance & true understanding ,  everything you say resonates with everyone . 	0
choose me	0
havent slept since yesterday and i work at 4:30	1
ill be living on my own for the next 11 days so	0
 .  .  . and the biggest crybaby award goes too .  .  .  lebron	1
why i gotta be hungry all the time i just ate like two hours ago	1
im still freaked out from watching the conjuring 2 .  great movie but i did get scared lol such a pussy!	1
wow this actually hurts	1
ive invited all my guys to come watch the mexico game with me and they all said no  .  like bruh who denies beer pizza and soccer	2
ive invited all my guys to come watch the mexico game with me and they all said no  .  like bruh who denies beer pizza and soccer	4
ha ha! i just hate shopping .  not the stuff themselves .  i still want my closet full	0
damn im hella fucking jealous of your relationship	1
buzzin little mood	0
why do all scholarships require essays	1
just seen you snapchat story someone should call the fire brigade because your on fire your that hot	0
i saw a video of 2 guys praying under water sooo amazing	1
i saw a video of 2 guys praying under water sooo amazing	5
super junior -blue fan oceans -i stan kyuhyun once -awesome subae group -d&e the most loving cp -magic shes so hot…	1
totally made my day when i saw u followed me back  .  .  . 	0
totally made my day when i saw u followed me back  .  .  . 	0
i totally did not miss working sundays afternoons	1
i need some head	1
sweet .  ill see you around then	0
fuming mate absolute joke outfit .  great seeing you saturday though . 	0
im 8outa keaira 8rotha up	1
if comes to the bay i got to meet her ive been waiting dummy lomg for her to come	1
wade was watching his team in game 7 for real	0
point proven	0
i need a new laptop before this one i have completely dies	2
i need a new laptop before this one i have completely dies	4
is journal 3 the first journal released or was there a 1 & 2 that i missed ? 	5
why are these flights so expensive	1
daughters son its just 4 ,  fortunately	0
my lip gloss smells like play dough	2
my lip gloss smells like play dough	4
your mind can always wreck your mood . 	1
people try to be so smart till they dump	0
im supposed to be doing homework	1
thats fine  ,  the elevator moves faster than manual stairs so ill be waiting on you in the lobby	0
aww thanks mamas and most def	0
too many #por haters at tl	0
i just watched 12 hours straight of oitnb	3
i just watched 12 hours straight of oitnb	5
naw ,  our girl is no where near a bimbo .  she gots class .  she just happens to have a banging ass body . 	0
hey bitch -pav & sb -front walk -letter j -idol boss - eggs	0
hey bitch -pav & sb -front walk -letter j -idol boss - eggs	0
hey bitch -pav & sb -front walk -letter j -idol boss - eggs	0
that heat aint no bitch	0
wow ,  now the replacement shadow cabinet are resigning politics in this country is a joke	3
such a sad day ,  i joined a gym	1
these folks tripping	0
i love friday	0
and you are welcome any time!	0
it must be l o v e	3
it must be l o v e	5
my grandmas screaming it terrible like we all live right next to each other lady just walk & call her	0
honestly i really dont think im pretty but i know i can clean up nice af #kiddingbutnotkidding	0
my sarcasms power level is over 9000	0
i remembered u yesterday ,  supernatural was on tv and i saw ur	0
yeah!!!!!!	0
she had cancer dude	1
i need to watch finding dory	1
i will dont worry	0
i already use it ,  for years now .  please ask them to bring back the benefit ,  its the only one i ever really used . 	0
this radio station aint really hype	1
can i wake you up and tell you about jesus ?  what a day indeed .  thank you jesus . 	0
same	0
once she answers my question she could go back to sleep	0
i just wanna lay in my fucking bed all day .  .  its so effing comfy	0
lmfaoooooooo wallah she thinks shes killin it & idk if anyones ready for my moves	0
lmfaoooooooo wallah she thinks shes killin it & idk if anyones ready for my moves	0
i am so tired . 	1
i checced the dates & that shit said ( 4-8-12 ) adam has to stop	1
hahaha they all are love how all blokes are into love island .  .  glenns loving it!	0
dont be bestie we discussed this already just like yo moma and her bestie	0
momma trynna get me homeschooled	0
i should really be sleep rn	1
i hate you	0
good morning xx otw to school	1
so rude	1
i want braids	4
thank god conjuring 2 is rated r	0
tell me when they add patf to this show they already added frozen and brave apparently	0
im off about 4 hrs of sleep ,  its bad	0
youre pretty	0
wheres zari i need her	1
a year ago today i made the sudden decision to get my nose pierced	0
i dont really listen to that type of music though	1
i slept at 3 n den woke up at 6	2
i slept at 3 n den woke up at 6	4
i love you	1
i gotta like not like you that much for us to last i think everybody i really like i always end up pushin them away	0
i really need to find a man to get his bebbies .  brb	0
why cant we be good at tournaments ffs	1
if i gotta work on 4th of july  .  .  i swear oml	2
if i gotta work on 4th of july  .  .  i swear oml	4
lmao hell yeahh	0
i trust it bro	0
could really go for some panda express rn and always .  but especially now . 	0
need a massage when i get home lord my body is sore	1
its could have been me and her but she left and decided to fuck with them lames	1
dedica la indirecta 6 .  i hope that you dont run from me	2
july rin season 4 ng lolis ko .  omfg . 	3
july rin season 4 ng lolis ko .  omfg . 	5
your so pretty	0
im a great photographer	0
off the next two days	0
u n kube are literally my stars in the making	0
ion get no type a sleep last night im tired asf ,  mind not where its suppose to me .  feel sick to my stomach just everything	1
ion get no type a sleep last night im tired asf ,  mind not where its suppose to me .  feel sick to my stomach just everything	1
ion get no type a sleep last night im tired asf ,  mind not where its suppose to me .  feel sick to my stomach just everything	4
i loved roxy but hes literally so cute i love him	0
lost all my pictures and videos	1
dead af yall some fools	0
miss u	1
oh yeah and im so proud of you keep it on	0
thats true but .  .  . its okay to treat your self sometimes	0
my life is like one big bad decision sometimes	0
and lion king is 22 years old	3
first and foremost ,  why theres hate ?  and for what the hate ?  hatred w/o basis .  duh ,  youre just wasting your time .  #aldub…	2
first and foremost ,  why theres hate ?  and for what the hate ?  hatred w/o basis .  duh ,  youre just wasting your time .  #aldub…	4
and her laugh says "i know exactly what youre talking about ,  babe . "	0
i watched the first episode and turned it off i cant get into it . 	3
i watched the first episode and turned it off i cant get into it . 	5
yes ,  i do i am kastle trash  .  .  . i liked matt/karen for 5 mins lol i hate elektra	2
yes ,  i do i am kastle trash  .  .  . i liked matt/karen for 5 mins lol i hate elektra	5
thank you	0
golden state	2
lol i need answers	0
i see .  happy birthday to you as well .  lets enjoy our day	0
face	1
first million achieved!!! keep on tweeting adn! #aldub11thmonthsary	0
kiss the sacred ground if the wirral for me son  .  .  . sniff	1
// girlllllll you fine asf  ,  your make up always popping  ,  can dress  .  seem very laid back and chill	0
// girlllllll you fine asf  ,  your make up always popping  ,  can dress  .  seem very laid back and chill	0
so sorry for your loss!	1
bitch idc fake ass	0
44 is available	2
u couldnt even tell me i had to hear it from jayvon	2
u couldnt even tell me i had to hear it from jayvon	4
treat people how you want to be treated	0
in malaybalay ,  missed the weather	0
im getting to discover	1
would you just look at that face ,  what a handsome face .  .  . youre not so bad sorry , i always love the more	0
to vendo chaves	0
i just want the pain to stop	1
no need to act like you dont want this	0
apparently the shooter went off like that bc he saw two dudes kissing .  .  . 	1
you only call me when you need something so dont expect me to be there for you	0
sgfg came out about 8 months ago .  its almost time for to give birth to another album!	0
niggas be looking so bad	0
all i gotta say is some of yall hung like a horse down there sheesh .  .  . tryna hurt a butch insides with them fat thangs	0
soon sweetie! be patient!	0
followback pls	0
i did once upon a time but im too rough i broke it i mean its fine i can always buy one or change the wire from one i got	1
me and my baby talking about all our memories	0
not keen on your new name bojo .  its a bit boring .  lol	0
everyone getting married or have kids now	3
everyone getting married or have kids now	5
of course	4
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!	0
keep me in ur prayers	1
everybody always talk about me texting bck slow	1
shoutout to the weather for a beautiful fathers day	0
i be thinking about shit and just start laughing	0
cousin picked me a flower what a lil gentleman	0
faricea	0
nothing beats having students that are prepared	0
she was amazing ,  always wanted to see her if she came to the uk my idol .  there are some horrible people in this world #ripchristina	1
she was amazing ,  always wanted to see her if she came to the uk my idol .  there are some horrible people in this world #ripchristina	1
she was amazing ,  always wanted to see her if she came to the uk my idol .  there are some horrible people in this world #ripchristina	1
sorry for spam my dear this is the end ,  cause ill try to fall asleep ill be back with wrong crowd xx	0
no joke .  .  . i fucking love it	0
happy birthday pretty	0
haha i wont lmao and oh ok well when you go try to go with my grandma and tell her i said hi	0
ive known you since middle school & youre one of the nicest people ive ever come across i miss you bro!	2
ive known you since middle school & youre one of the nicest people ive ever come across i miss you bro!	0
exactly das why i said its "us" both	0
see who scored	0
joker if anyone does try it  ,  i gotchu okay #londonersunite	0
my attitude depends on who you are	1
what beauties! ehm i mean the cars ,  sorry guys .  .  .  good luck for the race!	0
what beauties! ehm i mean the cars ,  sorry guys .  .  .  good luck for the race!	0
when your mood matches the weather so you go and binge on chinese food	0
its hard to impress people anymore tbh .  you can either over script it and make a movie or try a looser narration . 	1
walmart at 8am is actually pleasant	0
i can feel it already	1
you are looking great in every position and all the time . 	0
the trio has partially disbanded	1
bitch where ?  i need to save money pala eh ,  out of town ba ?  hahahahahaha lmaojk	0
someone must be getting back handers ,  all these 30+ old qpr players #zerogames	0
yo my boy has unlimited game idk how he does it	2
yo my boy has unlimited game idk how he does it	4
i cant go a day without someone touching my hair	2
khiyan flew out to joburg last night to go watch j cole perform live tonight .  what a fan ,  what a mal naai .  im so excited for her	1
thanks for being part of my life love u so much	0
yall bout to see a lot of #betaward rt tonight guys	0
i aint thinkin bout you	0
sleep baby but not on me	0
one win away . 	0
i needed go down south st	1
i love being on by a couple of drinks	0
buss it wide open and i tell em bring it back	0
aight bet its a party	0
we never talked alot but when we did it was always funny lol but you are chill af lmao text me if you need anything	0
we never talked alot but when we did it was always funny lol but you are chill af lmao text me if you need anything	0
im so confused	1
so its crystal clear .  my feelings for gal didnt disappear at all . 	1
you go natasha	0
what ?  ?  ?  the bday boy must give a bday bash for everyone .  kaw kaw i can belanja food .  nasi kandar	0
what ?  ?  ?  the bday boy must give a bday bash for everyone .  kaw kaw i can belanja food .  nasi kandar	0
the drake jokes are hilarious	0
really love the l this english team is taking	0
#nowreading control & prevention of communicable & non-communicable disease ee eeeee *yawnsssss*	1
i think of you endlessly ma	0
stop it & ill get you some gucci glasses ,  aver si esos no se hacen break	0
stop it & ill get you some gucci glasses ,  aver si esos no se hacen break	0
i would but i do the booth	1
either the beach water ,  sand or chlorine in the pool broke me out	4
thats right! im so crazy w increase on youtube	1
such a fun day	1
hell yeah! im a by the book kinda gal	0
3 papers to go!	2
3 papers to go!	5
i have to wake up at 5 to get ready for class . 	1
that mace wasnt a joke today	1
anong club ko cant decide	0
anong club ko cant decide	0
this world is fucked up .  everyone is equal it annoys me that people dont think that #loveislove #prayfororlando h…	2
this world is fucked up .  everyone is equal it annoys me that people dont think that #loveislove #prayfororlando h…	4
this world is fucked up .  everyone is equal it annoys me that people dont think that #loveislove #prayfororlando h…	1
if you are a huge fan of tv shows and movies and tracking them then get kodi and install tv show time	0
vanessa said shes gonna rape me .  im scared	1
vanessa said shes gonna rape me .  im scared	5
im so tired	1
nvm theres not gonna be no next time!	3
nvm theres not gonna be no next time!	5
train driver on the tannoy .  .  .  . good evening my little muffins .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . love that	0
im just after finishing watching it thanks i hope my description of it was near but thats what to expect	0
im just after finishing watching it thanks i hope my description of it was near but thats what to expect	0
crying bc i wont get paid till the 10th of july but ill be about $300-$350 so i guess its okay . 	0
i was too hungry	0
i have no right pala	1
havent seen him for like a week now  .  . 	1
 .  .  . and then licks the window!	0
how are the sheep going ?  any move on the pigs yet	2
how are the sheep going ?  any move on the pigs yet	4
• we dem boysz • leri clemente • james harden • rams • top 1	0
if i feel played everybody getting robbed	2
i just wanna curl up with my babe and my cats and watch game grumps on wifi that doesnt crash every five minutes	1
i cant send nor receive any messages if you need me dm on here	1
i cant send nor receive any messages if you need me dm on here	1
preciate my boy goal post nose ass boy	0
miss you too! how was it ? 	1
miss you too! how was it ? 	4
yall just find reasons to mute somebody	0
still havent watched it	3
still havent watched it	5
must be nice	1
better than 20 all in prison . 	0
idk you but yall cute	1
oomf never wants to come see me at work when i ask him to	2
oomf never wants to come see me at work when i ask him to	4
yeah baby	0
europe - i am so so sorry .  i tried to the rest of the eu ,  i am so very ashamed of the decision that the uk arrived a…	1
is that tre  ? 	0
i dont have the patience to wait for next season	1
thank you so much! it has been lovely thank you .  i hope your sunday has been a good one too	0
#corbyn isnt going anywhere .  but #eagle will have her wings cooked tomorrow .  everybody hates the blairites . 	0
the man is defending the land king james	0
i you more	0
unhinged ,  chainsaw ,  close and bacon have just listened ,  love this album! thank you	0
that sounds familiar .  i thought it happened because i am old and therefore easily distracted	0
i close early you be coming too late . 	0
im 26 looking 18 dont doo me!	0
home early	0
idk what ill do when i have surgery & cant eat past 12 cause thats all i do this late	0
ohhhh i think so #tv	0
love you babes	0
i love you and (sort of) wish you hockey happiness	0
oh oh!! the neighborhood is going to be so different now	1
that sick feeling you get when you shoot 9 over because you had 5 three putts #gutted	1
stumbled across #thedevilsrejects on syfy .  cant beat a bit of friday night extreme violence and sadism	0
another thing kaya can kill remember when he was defending that boy	1
me too .  .  i love europe and will always consider the uk a part of it .  i cant believe this has happened .  . 	1
on my way home and its raining .  .  hard . 	4
i love me some james franco	0
do not wanna work 9:45-7 tomorrow	1
every girl probably does that too i do	0
each to their own but i cant stand the soppy fathers day facebook posts etc its like a competition who can do the cringiest post like uh	2
each to their own but i cant stand the soppy fathers day facebook posts etc its like a competition who can do the cringiest post like uh	5
hell ya!!! and tra be like "nigga shiiddd"	0
now onwards *modi* is not only a surname- but also a master of developing india *m o d i*	0
im supposed to be showing her different  ,  i need to chill	0
lol im being a little way too dramatic i should be sleeping	0
is this one of your challenges for me to face ? 	1
(whisper) hey .  .  i tried to kiss this pic .  .  has anyone else done this ?  if you say no then you are booooring	0
(whisper) hey .  .  i tried to kiss this pic .  .  has anyone else done this ?  if you say no then you are booooring	0
#deletemynumber if you cant keep a conversation & everything is "wyd" every 25 mins	2
#deletemynumber if you cant keep a conversation & everything is "wyd" every 25 mins	4
yeah i know i really appreciate your effort	0
i know baby i cant wait to go back home!	0
many .  .   .  .  i am also not a true srk follower but alhamdulilla much better than so-called fans	0
many .  .   .  .  i am also not a true srk follower but alhamdulilla much better than so-called fans	2
many .  .   .  .  i am also not a true srk follower but alhamdulilla much better than so-called fans	4
now my mom is going to the hospital	1
i got stung by jelly fish 3 times today	2
i got stung by jelly fish 3 times today	4
now going back to my old ways .  .  .  .  . 	2
i hate it i hate it i hate it i hate it i hate it i hate it	4
lol thanks lex!	0
// we been through it ,  and back .  but at the end of the day you know just as well as i know we got each others back .  love ya . 	0
my shit in danazia car	1
morphe brushes	0
circulatory	0
he was asking what fragrance i was wearing .  i decided to misinterpret it for bants . 	0
this movie crazy	0
that walmart sucks from what im hearing anyway .  lol wouldve been cool to see you & jeff dunham & kid rock though!	0
kroos cost real madrid £19mil ,  fellaini was £24mil	4
im ready to go home and get in my bed	2
im ready to go home and get in my bed	4
thanks for following me guys! much appreciated	0
got stood up on our first night out its all good though i will go find dory by myself lol	0
aint received a message all day	4
cheers kirsten .  seriously fucked today though .  . 	0
thats my daughter  ,  but she had a nasty ass attitude  . 	0
thats my daughter  ,  but she had a nasty ass attitude  . 	1
i need a blunt	1
why do people even friends with me online im so annoying i swear sigh	0
im gonna die trying to go " hiking "	1
that inbox i got tho aint to many ppl like that	3
that inbox i got tho aint to many ppl like that	5
favorite emoji and	0
favorite emoji and	0
oatmeal makes me happy	0
whateva	1
93 today & tmrw	3
lol you do tho	0
my parents are so goals been married for 27years and been together for 33 years	1
scared to update my phone	0
my homie	0
i have the hipster strength coach niche filled .  beard ,  combover ,  and wayfarer sunglasses	0
about last night	0
everyone really thinks my sisters and i are twins	1
*in mid lecture* "hey does anyone want a groundhog ? " - my physics professor	0
yes but ,  i have no where to place my petition . 	1
rose breaking ankles #engwal #ers2016	3
rose breaking ankles #engwal #ers2016	5
scotland want another referendum	0
no im not	0
no im not	1
tragic	0
fresh off the clock . 	0
what you last said happened to be on my tl	0
i just want my baby rn	1
does that mean its actually 4" ? 	0
stop	1
feeling quite sentimental now im moving out of halls tomorrow	1
salve! #sextacomoclubesdv	0
just a lol but honey when i say if they did come back in i want all the nude colors	1
im scared as fuck but at least i will try it	0
i have this bad habit of telling ppl i love them every time i leave the room	0
good night	0
damn i got hella shit to accomplish	1
thanks my lovely xxx	0
just seen the best ass around .  i had to flash at it	0
like i never get tired of his music	0
seriously .  .  dreadwyrm healer pants in black ,  with the low cut front ,  and the midriff .  .  . i forgot how much i loved these pants	0
so heartbroken .  .  .  wanted to go to the fashion show so badly but no ones down & my moms car is going a bit mental . 	2
so heartbroken .  .  .  wanted to go to the fashion show so badly but no ones down & my moms car is going a bit mental . 	4
so heartbroken .  .  .  wanted to go to the fashion show so badly but no ones down & my moms car is going a bit mental . 	1
so heartbroken .  .  .  wanted to go to the fashion show so badly but no ones down & my moms car is going a bit mental . 	1
i miss	1
when and where	0
the mother hen figure in me wants to sit #tomhiddleston down and have a serious chat about what hes getting himself in for	0
i bloody love having short hair . 	0
whatever you want to infer .  good night . 	0
now you see me 2 was soooo good	0
riiiiiight " gross " its chocolate	0
great comeback after troubled practice .  play it cool .  take lead at the start .  control the pace .  take the win	0
lil dickies music videos are so funny	0
me too keith - i know you know that though #twitterfamily is very important to me!	0
i feel like dying .  all black in this heat	1
"do you miss her" "kinda "no bitch . " love rita	0
having trouble sleeping	1
why do people think its my birthday ? 	0
thank natz love you too xx	0
andy was describing some game thing to joey and said "two directions . " i said "i only believe .  .  .  in one direction . "	0
kikas leaving for europe soon and i wont see her for a month	2
kikas leaving for europe soon and i wont see her for a month	4
same tayo .  still in the office .  .  #aldub11thmonthsary	1
the new word theyre using to bring in advertising money . 	5
make up be slayingggg cant wait to get back to school & tu w you again	0
make up be slayingggg cant wait to get back to school & tu w you again	0
3 , 000 soon	0
alessia from italy #smallzysos	0
damn thats right they hopped on that pipe	0
naw ,  remember she said that she had already met him on social media . 	0
i just got chills bc i remembered that bangtan performed heungtan for us	1
its as dead as the real one i passed today	0
thanks boo	0
or like for an hdm	2
or like for an hdm	5
why billion ?  appne to thousand b nai dena	0
wow im so bored	1
i literally had so much fun	0
omg! #mjsendmebackstage & my bff .  1st time seeing #luke at #jiffylubelive & its my bday! htt…	0
you look gorgeous as always! have fun! oh .  .  .  and come visit me soon!	0
she literally matthews kid	0
im down i have to be in the back cause im the shortest though lmao	1
to real quick	0
he say he dont miss me i know that he lyin	0
that had me weak! im like she a mini nino brown!	0
i swear im sometimes too nice	0
avi wish i couldve met him in cali! like i was out there but that heat was too much for me	0
avi wish i couldve met him in cali! like i was out there but that heat was too much for me	1
tweet not referring to anyone tho ! lel	0
but you forgot one vital thing  .  .  .  gorillia and bear crawls	0
certain jus blow	2
certain jus blow	4
literally rushed maself out of the bathroom cos the #gameofthrones replay is here!!!!!!!! 1!!!! #worthit	0
fffffffffffffffffourteen hours !!!!!!!	0
ion got the time man	1
ion got the time man	1
i have 3 episodes of the office left .  do i really want to do this ? 	3
my dog is spoiled & i havent even gotten her yet	0
i hope	0
dm emojis	0
my mom asked me to watch a movie with her and its been like 20 minutes and she hasnt picked one yet	4
ive been supporting you always but you keep ignoring me but i will never give up on my dream to get a follow from you . 	0
there sure was a lot of fire seen with or around jon in that episode	0
thanks maam ching!!	0
lol  ,  thats why i told you to do it . 	0
thank you!!!	0
grab her hair hit from da back	0
3 . 5 hours	2
3 . 5 hours	5
im not ready for obama to leave office	1
sir take 5 please	1
yayy	0
big shout out to winning the long jump with both hamstrings just about hanging on!! #peppermints #cheesestrings	0
omg we both side lines .  how me and my best friend a sideline	1
oh lmao its close though	0
thank you	0
#krishnadasi spoiled my mood today .  .  .  the only good thing was fb n their bonding vid der biological patents .  .  . 	1
i want to meet	0
im bawling my eyes out reading this this is so heartbreaking i cant	1
but why am i so sober	1
im still here! i dont leave until monday!	1
lol feel the same way too such a bore	0
8)had 2 also be called in= d u h  .  .  . btw=nurses began showing up in shrubs w/out being called	0
i love being with my family cause we all dance 24/7 i dont have friends that dance like that	1
i hate periods so much	1
i like to play but i play for fun  ,  long as im up anything im good	0
gave up that easily	0
oh yeah .  i must have been half asleep reading your post this morning	0
stfu i know what you did	1
it looks intense .  . those music choices .  taking me back to the days when music was still good	0
i want the modern renaissance pallete so bad	1
oh .  .  i see sophie is ok . 	1
69 youre chill to talk to didnt even see you yesterday! smh	0
the most courageous thing i did was to forgive someone who never apologized . 	1
congratulations now i have crush	0
im an angel . 	0
boo was tired this morning	1
damn i gotta wand curl my other wig . 	1
that hoe sleep	0
its like even my right is wrong	1
i legit have goosebumps omg these vocals are insane!	3
i legit have goosebumps omg these vocals are insane!	5
saw a cute kenma-looking cat walking on the sidewalk and i called out "kitty!" and it turned to me with a shocked/startled kenma-like face	0
bitches out hea with diseases still fuckin yall sick asf	1
thanks for helping my sister this afternoon find a "cute" pair of running sneakers!	0
#iwouldprefer good vibes over meethi baatain . 	0
i just got called a nigger by a white girl	0
what do u think abt tarun tejpal ?  "aww" what do u think abt asaram "eww" bt tejpal is jst asaram bapu w/better skills in english	0
everyone keep roasting me they keep calling me a fucking ass clown and telling me i aint shit	1
everyone keep roasting me they keep calling me a fucking ass clown and telling me i aint shit	1
japp	0
i wish i could sing .  . id post videos like jacquees did	0
you dont even have to support it cos i know it was bad	1
project fear is now fact and theyre still smiling about it ,  dismissing it with a sneer	2
when ari & angel show up whos next haha	0
i just dont fade awayyy #comebackszn	2
oh shut it	0
this chick said "i gotta go against the team you want to win" .  .  .  she not even watchin the games	0
my ankles are in shambles	1
when mum breaks her arm clever	0
goodmorning take care .  god bless! i love you	0
i want this for my babies	1
is this cake sold at a spaza shop ? 	3
is this cake sold at a spaza shop ? 	5
your hugs are the best ,  i think i need one right now #hugs	0
these mfs tryna got to gibbs bridge	2
these mfs tryna got to gibbs bridge	4
lol my dad cussing in english is fucken jokes especially cause he drunk	0
fish & fries	0
thank you	0
yas i really need a latin album from jenny latin music is rn she could do ballads ,  urban & dance - all in one album	0
yes brianna too	0
im bored	1
shows where my priorities lie	0
lady in red	0
and happy birthday brother #jrsfinally18	0
different side of him was h*t but this feels so wrong	1
* kups * * 7/11 * always there for me * libre * tshirt hahaha * chocolate *	0
* kups * * 7/11 * always there for me * libre * tshirt hahaha * chocolate *	0
shklk al yom zman 3nk yal omg day 1 day 2 ,  ya 7beebi m7a	0
shklk al yom zman 3nk yal omg day 1 day 2 ,  ya 7beebi m7a	0
did you just say shanties ? ! ? ! come on how many games do we have to win for you to get it right ? ! ? ! #ccuinomaha	0
oomf is  .  . 	0
love on the brain x rhianna	0
no fucks given done caring about anyones feelings	2
no fucks given done caring about anyones feelings	4
hello mate ,  not used box in a while ,  how do i update ?  have old kodi & no sparta	1
seriously that you never see me ?  i always see you following some fans ,  i want to be one of them ,  this is my biggest dream	1
i wouldnt want to come back either	1
take a joke dipshit	0
love you too	0
preston .  .  .  its not as far as you think" . 	0
oh my god ,  adam .  i didnt think i could love him more lol .  #yr	0
of course i want it	0
music sound sooooo much better loud asl	1
really wish you guys would ship to the u . s .  so we could get our hands on exclusives ,  instead of having to go to ebay . 	0
i wanna go home and finish oitnb	1
turns out that someone wanted the car more than me	0
what the frick is wrog with cashton	0
hey just a heads up ,  its not babysitting when shes your child .  shes cute tho	0
hey just a heads up ,  its not babysitting when shes your child .  shes cute tho	0
good luck big man not that u need it u can put him away in 4 got a wedding to pay for	0
ill have to try scottish water for a good cuppa sometime	0
ill have to try scottish water for a good cuppa sometime	0
missing you rn boppy	1
why i just said dead it all	0
where are you ?  im quite high up .  .  .  . 	5
my pawpaw just told me no .  this heat must be getting to him . 	1
daveed diggs is a cutie pie	0
haha join the club	1
yep .  every time .  feeling ko din instructions ni gov .  he got her back . 	0
the possibility of aids/hiv im guessing ?  but they should still be allowed to donate if they are confirmed negative!!!! #ugh	2
when she faithful but you gotta wait til she single	0
kickback in greenville	0
only for you	0
i must look stupid to these females yall aint slick	0
cant blame me for yo problems ,  cant fuck up no " happy home "	0
after all that food i ate today i seriously need to go out for a jog but my bed to comfy	0
let us wait and see .  .  between in india only rss has permission to conduct such an anti national program	0
let us wait and see .  .  between in india only rss has permission to conduct such an anti national program	0
when all your girls got somebody special and you just like catch me when im 25 since nobody fwm rn	0
when you get ready for no reason cause no ones down to hangout tonight	0
there goes number 10	0
i love the bay	0
shit stupid	0
whats the catch ? 	0
and you sing along  .  .  .  .  top of your lungs	0
i just really wanna indulge on smoothies and go shopping with is that too much to ask ? 	1
cute	0
blessed	0
the funny part is why is he flexing	0
yes powz .  heeee ,  im excited for you!	0
with everything!	0
for 55 ffs mbf (im checking) bcs will be inactive starting 6/ 20 will stop at 150 like only = random…	1
waffle house needs to stop playing and start delivering	1
they only make friends with you because they need something .  my goodness! hahaha! im not blind!	0
lets not talk about it	1
lets get it	2
i cant but thanks girl!	0
ohhh i know where! ill give it a try next time ,  thanks girl	1
im glad .  you didnt bring me in your suitcase so i wouldnt know	1
cant wait for saturday for my girls birthday gonnnnna be goooood	0
i could never be mad at my brother or sister for more than an hour i swear	1
thats shit just come naturally  . 	0
thanks abby!:face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy: .  love/hate you too!	0
when youre face timing with the squad during the game ,  and theyd rather play 2k than watch	0
terrance blew as hell bro	0
im about to go ball out on snacks and chill for the rest of the night	0
thank you dear!	0
when tattoos start to itch is the absolute worst thing	1
i seriously love u	0
like easy vs hard ,  long vs short . 	0
next weeks of got is gonna be lit just from the name of the episode	3
the ugliest people have the nastiest attitude .  i already gotta look at your ass ,  cmon now lighten up	0
yall i cant wait till i get in my bed ,  im bout to be slumped	1
i want to .  i will	0
i be forgetting i send people emojis	1
u so mean	1
too late ,  theyre cold now	1
hit that wrong grammar pala	1
i want to go	1
deleted na luat	0
a boogie a emotional trap artist	0
im going to just stop there . 	0
nope .  cos i left them in uni . 	0
i hope you are doing well and having a good day .  by the way ,  #happyfriday	0
actually miss wearing ncsa uniform . 	0
if you dont know what goes on in my life or relationships dont say anything	0
just an excuse for us to have a parade and a piss-up #manchesterdayparade	0
being sore after a workout sucks but its the best feeling ever	0
counting the fingers classic #zimvind	0
counting the fingers classic #zimvind	0
another part of me can totally wait for them to be older cause then theyll be sassy little teenagers	1
till next time have a safe flight	0
there is literally no one better looking than zac efron .  absolute dream	0
thanks ,  i will . 	0
stasera drink forte	2
oh well guess im not sleeping tonight im gonna be so pissed when i have to work	0
dzamn who dat bih on the right	0
ur lame go listen to this lucci you keep talking about	0
ur lame go listen to this lucci you keep talking about	1
nah nina its a couple got sundress on n ion think its no panties involved n my job got me out here workin lol	0
i need to get my life together and study bc i got homework due tomorrow	1
all this need to be over	1
carry underwood is perfect!!!!	0
if u talk too much i would show them lati pic o and spoil all ur dm runs .  runs boy	0
youre welcome boo	0
jameson and pickle juice during the game	0
exactly	0
happy birthday chikleeet ,  imissyou god bless and more birthdays to come ,  ily	0
that shower was superb	1
nooooo boy	0
man i should of bet! i see you #morethanagame	0
i can honestly say ive never wanted a weekend to be over quicker than this and it hasnt even started yet . 	2
i can honestly say ive never wanted a weekend to be over quicker than this and it hasnt even started yet . 	4
were doing our best #coybig	0
missin the gym today	2
missin the gym today	4
the pimple on my forehead looks like a nipple!	1
chardonnay	0
stop being so negative all the time wedge! be more positive like	0
i really hate trusting people then finding out that their just a sneaky mf . 	2
i really hate trusting people then finding out that their just a sneaky mf . 	4
my dayum oh it does it screams " pimp daddy aoi" as well	0
my dayum oh it does it screams " pimp daddy aoi" as well	1
my dayum oh it does it screams " pimp daddy aoi" as well	4
cannot wait to get back to normality! only 6 more months	0
happy my mans did it!  .  couldn be more proud	0
an amazing show ,  always always so proud to see the red jets doing their stuff	0
it was not where was it at ? 	0
im going to theres to get pics and stuff so there not coming to the school ill probs see you coming out in my car	0
fucking hell katie	0
i got meetings the rest of the day	1
we hated the way if i stay ended	1
yaniel is definitely a true warriors fan i never seen somebody so obsessed !	0
yaniel is definitely a true warriors fan i never seen somebody so obsessed !	3
yaniel is definitely a true warriors fan i never seen somebody so obsessed !	5
awwww this is cute thanks boo! same same	0
whats the truth ? 	0
either a baby ,  or a couple looking at the sea .  . depends how you look at it	0
go down a water slide while it isnt wet and youll understand why foreplay is so important .  .  .  #read	0
awe richard quit lyin	0
really wish i didnt mess that up	0
yes im happy	0
good idea! ill just ignore you too	0
man oitnb is so good im laughing so hard at piper tho	0
if you ever ate the you cant disrespect me i fed you	0
if you ever ate the you cant disrespect me i fed you	1
i dont know what id do without you you make me feel less crazy . 	0
these days ,  a platinum will guarantee to someone that i loved the game .  or i wont have it .  some i just cant get tho!	0
august come to me	1
went over my data looks like i wont be watching netflix at work this week	2
went over my data looks like i wont be watching netflix at work this week	4
went over my data looks like i wont be watching netflix at work this week	1
went over my data looks like i wont be watching netflix at work this week	1
you could have both if you really wanted to .  .  .  jesus holding a taco from tacobell ?  sounds good to me .  .  . 	0
#bestdaddyaward goes to you .  this is precious as can be #cherishthemoments	0
ayanna just ruined my day man	1
when your ex from 8 years ago is still trying to ruin your life  .  .  .  what a great day today is	2
i hate how my appetite is not built for breakfast in the morning i real live be feeling sick	1
working on the truck today happy birthday to me	0
they will make raven go through even more pain	2
they will make raven go through even more pain	4
thank you	0
thank you for ,  sandy!	0
thanks taylor!!	0
wait what was it	1
yasss cousin	0
theres a mosquito in my room:unamused_face: .  i can hear it buzzing .  but when i turn the lights on and get up i cant find it	2
theres a mosquito in my room:unamused_face: .  i can hear it buzzing .  but when i turn the lights on and get up i cant find it	4
theres a mosquito in my room:unamused_face: .  i can hear it buzzing .  but when i turn the lights on and get up i cant find it	2
always craving dough co	1
my niece said "i love u donchel" i almost cried she is the sweetest 2 year old . 	1
imma just give him 5 "complimentary face taps"	0
so sad i didnt see lauryn hill today	1
high as i should be	0
aw mate gutted	1
it really do hurt ur heart when u lose someone u love .  put ur pride away and tell ur loved ones u love them!	1
im going to give it a good try at least	0
so me during viva and jon snow has a lot in common * we both know nothing * #gameofthrones	0
#rehabstories yesterday was the day i realised i had reached the cocky stage and physio showed me how weak i still was #meniscaltear	1
good luck then	0
a cute guy ?  ?  ?  ?  ? 	0
im a whale back to square 1 .  what do you think i should do ?  reply with how much i should restrict if so . 	0
we so appreciate your time ,  cait! thank you so much for live tweeting! #prestonpans	0
thank you! xo	0
youre such a good daddy . 	0
so germany will play either spain or italy next .  i cant wait	0
its ridiculous how much of a nerd i am but its okay #iamanerd #butitsokay #otaku #noshame	0
that fact that jalen knows im crazy cracks me up . 	0
folks* not good .  bloody phone	2
these commercials are utter rubbish #euro2016	2
what are we ?  four ? 	0
i had a test today i didnt even know about it	0
when are you getting your wi-fi fixed ? !	1
i just want the best for him  .  .  . 	1
ermmmm something "prank" or something "experiment" yo this is hard .  give us a hint	0
you going with us ? 	0
even when you want to give someone benefit of doubt they pull out facts from the book of mediocrity chapter four verse two . 	1
i dont think ive heard that song unfortunately	0
a whole day gone to waste because im lazy as hell	0
sorry  ,  its got me emotional	1
wonderful ,  miss hitomi! i love you!	0
wonderful ,  miss hitomi! i love you!	0
if you tryna t up saturday ,  dm for info	0
i just said the same thing to my friend	0
tall girls need tall guys to shoot with ,  right ?  ?  youre gorgeous and welcome to the industry!	0
no where to even go	0
ab so childish	0
just know when all three of us are together again ,  its hut	0
fucking hell jades out early	0
new video is out like and subscribe its very shocking dm please:beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::red_heart:️ bc i love you:red_heart:️	0
new video is out like and subscribe its very shocking dm please:beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::red_heart:️ bc i love you:red_heart:️	0
new video is out like and subscribe its very shocking dm please:beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::red_heart:️ bc i love you:red_heart:️	0
i have a friend who decided to be a stripper and shes hiding it from me , i dont know if she thinks im goin to judge or why i would	1
that was it - a bit like my stomach waiting for my chips to cook	0
facetime me tooeasyblack@gmail . com	0
im loving the early bday coupons from my fav stores	0
i hate holiday weekends	1
daming tour lizquen may taping pa grabe too busy sched ,  find little time 2 relax quen & liza	0
thinking about it	0
now yall know the black people are inside because its too damn hot out ,  boat or no boat let kyrie breath	0
someone come over and watch shark week with me	0
ya boy making money off features now	2
ya boy making money off features now	5
need my guitar back	1
i dont read fanfics that much lol but yeah the loyal shippers . 	0
nothing like a mimosa and an omelet to start the day	0
and here comes the pain	1
that was the look i was going for . 	0
i dont think so re ,  hes my fav . 	1
ohh yeah!	0
its fun .  . they think its cool at first until we really get on the damn nervous my nigga be like "what dad "	0
swear that i can still feel you here .  i just cant believe your not here . 	1
nae interested	0
makes you wonder what theyre gonna do with it .  .  .  people need better hobbies . 	1
16 june 2015 i hate this date . 	2
16 june 2015 i hate this date . 	4
he looks good w his mullet to	0
shes the one with the mean face	0
i forgot how hot latina girls are	0
coconut oil is doing wonders to my skin	0
it feels so good when you out the mix and only ya closest friends know whats going on  .  . 	0
we definitely are! we spend most of our time crying over bucky .  #buckyiseverything	0
welcome	0
i really want my back painted	1
how painful are them cunts that just lie all the time and you literally get embarrassed for them muppet mate ,  fucking mu…	3
how painful are them cunts that just lie all the time and you literally get embarrassed for them muppet mate ,  fucking mu…	5
its a real kings birthday .  #happybirthdaytome .  #twentysexyinthetraphouse	0
left ? 	3
wheres good to go in september	1
i wish you would	0
us af	0
golf controversy ,  oh my .  seriously ,  from what i’ve heard ,  this is messed up . 	5
first way to ignore people is to put your phone on silent * thats what i do best	0
first way to ignore people is to put your phone on silent * thats what i do best	0
"she cannot be tamed"	0
it hasnt even been 24 hours yet and im already missin my best friend	1
i just died . 	3
thats what i thought but i wasnt sure! i hope so	1
op bound	0
win or lose cleveland is going to have something burned down	0
and the guy i like aint shit .  .  so thats where my life is	0
dont ever forget that baby	0
thank you baby!	0
awwwh alright and yeah she should	1
ask her if you can get your ride for free if she says yes then by all means	0
my chicken levels are dangerously low	1
had fun today . 	0
oh how i would love too but all of my homies be boring af lately	2
oh how i would love too but all of my homies be boring af lately	4
i was my cousins house didnt know she was going	1
likewise cant forget your spicy competitions back in king lol long time ago !!!!	1
likewise cant forget your spicy competitions back in king lol long time ago !!!!	2
likewise cant forget your spicy competitions back in king lol long time ago !!!!	5
im not sure because im in my basement .  let me know how it is .  .  .  you go first	0
im talking about comp	0
she just dont care what she	4
classic songs on lolas playlist! #alduballmylife	0
been craving some mini wheat cereals	1
fever everywhere #fevertrailer	0
nike always wanting to rob a customer	1
thanks eran!	0
trust me i know	1
im pretty decent lol	1
you keep quoting the same shit making different terrible jokes and no one is even laughing or consigning	1
if i could go back to the day we met  ,  i would probably do it all over again	1
back to the drawing board	0
cristobal retweeting all these fighting vids	0
irving quel match #gomatch6 #gswvscavs #game5	5
i went to the place i have to buy my bra from and they dont sell bathing suits	2
i went to the place i have to buy my bra from and they dont sell bathing suits	4
happy fathers day to all the awesome daddys out there  . 	0
fr but ima act like i got some sense tonight	1
how r u gonna cuss at me and then call me sweat pea i didnt know she had it	0
niggas love talking bout they dick game but cant fucking hang mane im on you mfers top god!!!	0
why is this girl staring at me like this ? 	3
why is this girl staring at me like this ? 	5
being sick in the summer is the most inconvenient thing ever	1
wow when we having this drink old man	0
i want my septum back	0
lmao you people are too funny on this site	0
buon compleanno happy birthday	0
want so badly	0
to the lady eating poutine .  to the lady eating poutine .  eating salad	1
i miss my baby	1
theyre so hard	1
thanks	0
catching up on #versailles everything is going down now	5
apparently i will be engaged by next year . 	0
i think you mean coloring books for adults ?  google "adult coloring books" to see what i mean	0
first day of work was	0
i just cant stand hearing people smack there food when they eat .  i hate it .  lol	1
dont trap where you stay these niggas trappin backwards	0
"if you touch my nipples too much they tickle me" okay max whatever you say	0
drunk 7 cups of tea today and 5 glasses of wine	0
drunk 7 cups of tea today and 5 glasses of wine	3
drunk 7 cups of tea today and 5 glasses of wine	5
hey ,  youre perfect	0
new guilty pleasure is watching stupid man ,  smart phone	0
so did lira galore use to be a man ?  or nah . 	3
so did lira galore use to be a man ?  or nah . 	5
love how my dad comes home from work and just had a nice roast session	0
i mean sm promotes smrookies ,  so its understandable ,  im talking the ones that dont get promotions at all	1
so does this mean we can skip out on reading #gloryhunger ? 	0
not posting the next dude i mess with .  ill post a arm so niggas know im taken . 	0
of coarse i wouldnt think any different .  the kids need you .  bless hope you treasure your time with them . 	0
mass effect andromeda	0
yeah ard she woulda hopped on that shit wit you if it was chasing her	0
miss the old days when all a nigga cared bout was ball	1
for a moment i	5
decided to do an intense 1hr workout of cardio and abs and finally finished .  .  .  . 3hrs later i hate you #p90x and yes you tony horton	1
decided to do an intense 1hr workout of cardio and abs and finally finished .  .  .  . 3hrs later i hate you #p90x and yes you tony horton	4
decided to do an intense 1hr workout of cardio and abs and finally finished .  .  .  . 3hrs later i hate you #p90x and yes you tony horton	1
decided to do an intense 1hr workout of cardio and abs and finally finished .  .  .  . 3hrs later i hate you #p90x and yes you tony horton	1
and most countries are now trying to legalize it fa eshta	0
i think god is testing my patience . 	4
girl im knowing .  lol i wouldnt even be on twitta .  ill be at the scene	2
mhm yeah ill be waiting	1
oh and this man came through my line and he smelled like god himself	0
i just be coolin man	0
watch what you do for people i swea	4
walked in the room with the lights off looked at the mirror and got scared as fuck then i realized it was me	0
weird people outfit!! #blalittlemix	0
i mean hes a pretty handsome guy but im better looking sorry bud	0
been single for mad long cause you bitches is busted and cant be trusted	0
you know you want to see me you miss my presence lowkey . 	0
you know you want to see me you miss my presence lowkey . 	0
that filter is the devil	1
lee prolly the only person i know that fw 1800	1
lee prolly the only person i know that fw 1800	4
oh wait form 5 is not 18 years old  ?  hahahaha my bad yala weih cheerful no resting bitch face la k	0
lexi has cookie dough .  i love cookie dough .  this is the happiest ive been all summer !!	0
she gorgeous	0
she gorgeous	2
she gorgeous	0
she gorgeous	0
seriously need to go get in my bed	1
miss mickey ds drama .  the pot was always stirring	0
we have the same name i love you	0
we have the same name i love you	1
what happened to mozgov ? 	0
people who make me feel better about myself are honestly the best kind of people out there . 	0
people think i dont have a comeback when arguing bc im quiet but really i have so much shit to say & im just trying to keep my cool	0
or a french bulldog	1
i couldnt see my muffin before he went in for his operation and i feel really sad	1
lol yeah that would probably happen	0
im expecting natures shower on their next stop lol! #kindamean go get em wet lambo	0
im expecting natures shower on their next stop lol! #kindamean go get em wet lambo	0
i love thursdays	0
no .  .  .  you and me ,  and &	0
facts	0
exactly the little things that mean alot i i get you	0
its crazy how quick i get irritated by people	1
and everybody is watching her and shes looking at youuuuu	2
becoming a savage dont happen over night .  its just in some people	2
such a pounding headache its making me feel sick #sendhelp	4
is the hungary keeper wearing joggers	0
warped tour today	0
hi there you can email niamh@mypucker . com	0
- imuuu i love ya avi and u cool	0
- imuuu i love ya avi and u cool	0
- imuuu i love ya avi and u cool	0
- imuuu i love ya avi and u cool	0
- imuuu i love ya avi and u cool	0
thanks paige	0
if youve ever called me daddy im waiting on my happy fathers day text	2
if youve ever called me daddy im waiting on my happy fathers day text	4
no thank you ,  they can stay down south	3
no thank you ,  they can stay down south	5
where tf you goin girl i miss you have	1
sharppppp	0
ikr thanks snapchat	0
as soon as i take my nails of i regret it	1
ah its no troubles just regular cat mom drama - accent fresh from the aisle	0
i am so not in the mood to be fucked with	2
i am so not in the mood to be fucked with	4
hawaii is beautiful but its another sf expensive af	1
wanna see finding dory sooo badly	1
#aldubebfathersday ●good morning	0
the reality is really here	1
it be all fun and games until you turn up and they be like " bro chill man" nah b i aint tryna hear that now	0
i honestly cant wait for season 2 of sense 8	0
cant sleep	1
shump hasnt made a jump shot yet . 	0
lauren .  we can go .  you can kiss and cuddle w/ me .  .  .  well just think about it ,  dont actually do it .  but ill go you . 	0
like my life is on repeat	3
this is the 2nd cheapest cake i have order im surprised	5
literally me tho	0
not so good morning	0
i want some culvers	1
miss u more	1
ive kinda given up on putting make up on for my morning shifts at work oh well ¯\_(ツ)_/¯	0
cant believe we arent going to this year very depressing . 	1
i wanna b on holiday	1
break me down and build me up ass niggas .  but yknow what .  .  yall got it . 	1
better than nothing . 	0
i swear she cries over everything	2
i swear she cries over everything	4
bathroom is clean ,  my room is clean now i just need to do this laundry	1
im sposed to die tonight	2
nerves are so charming .  **swoon** #thebachelorette	0
i need to get my eating rhythm on point again this split shift makes me rather nap/sleep then eat	0
finding dory would be such an adorable date	1
shut up i know im going too next week fursure	1
there go that #scream song again	0
yall had to take me to go change	0
someone come save me	0
im disgusted	0
thank u luna	0
a huge weight has been lifted	1
bathing suit looks great!!!	0
when u still get paid but you havent worked for 3 weeks	0
cant wait for back home and geek	5
ah i see! feck em	0
my nose still hurt	4
maris always right	0
told my bf i was gonna do bantu knots so my hair can be curly he gone send me a pic of kodak talkin bout this how you gone look	0
all i wanna be is somebody to you ,  just for you	4
aab aap jo kuch karen gey us ke zimedaar aap khud he hoon gey ,  now you cant blame shaitan for your bad deeds	0
thats right you love it ,  girl	0
lol if its the 1 you linked me to then im awake	0
see you tomorrow guys	0
im only going to the event of my cousin going	1
someone take me to see finding dory	1
i knooow its been forever im well rested from my nap ,  but having a blogging slump so im bummed how are you ? 	1
i miss you you fake tho	2
i miss you you fake tho	2
i miss you you fake tho	4
i miss you you fake tho	1
im moving in 20 days and im not ready to say goodbye to my pals	1
i do not feel like paying nobody to do my brakes	1
where he at with my food	1
hey its my birthday itd mean the whole world to me if you spend a few seconds to follow me love u so much zking x640	0
its no point in arguing with people on this app just let them stay in their ignorance	0
spao dont have lay tshirt ? 	1
multi taskin at its finest	0
when i went swimming yesterday i some how managed to cut my foot and didnt notice it until now .  i feel pained	3
when i went swimming yesterday i some how managed to cut my foot and didnt notice it until now .  i feel pained	5
im done	3
im done	5
let me live a little	0
i wanna go to the lake	1
julian fucks with the new kylie jenner song	0
thanks so much!! im so ready to start	0
seen kevin today lol ,  n i couldnt stop thinking about juwan i aint see bro in yrs . 	1
finished and put my car in the garage before it started sprinkling rain . 	0
thank you!	0
hey ,  sean how u doing ? 	0
i feel so famous!	0
i like online classes but boy boy time management is important or this shi build up quick	1
going on a vacation for 2-3 days spcly lonavla in rains #childhoodmonsoonmemories	0
couldnt resist honestly have no idea	0
lo see	0
oh god these pics are so bad of me but thank you so much ! ilysm	0
no one understands how much i want a pupppy	1
what i was just using an example of how good i was sleeping	0
who has the energy for that!	0
i agree with duff tracks but its a joy to know and love an album from start to finish .  the longer the better . 	0
u kno me like no one else	1
he even asked if it was mexican	0
this terrifies me	0
i wondered what you were going on about .  this cleared it up for me . 	0
oh yea ,  ah yeah ,  ah ah yeah!!:loudspeaker::studio_microphone:jeremih oui #lyricsthathavetobeshouted	0
out of europe twice in one week	2
out of europe twice in one week	4
my header is the cutest thing your eyes have ever seen	0
wanna take a trip to puerto rico	1
still with no chance	0
cheat foods ? 	0
i know i just joking with you man	0
thanks keemi yup growing up out here	2
yeah i had her freshman year	3
yeah i had her freshman year	5
why ppl unfollowing meeee!!! ?  ? 	4
i seriously asked her how her hair was and finished the convo with "girl make them wands your bitches" like wut	0
it doesnt come on this week	1
#realdatesmatter i can fit more than a 2 piece and biscuit in my purse	0
#realdatesmatter i can fit more than a 2 piece and biscuit in my purse	0
thank you	2
thank you	5
messi potentially quitting the argentina national team	1
me and my uber driver started complaining about drunk people	0
what i would give to be able to sleep in on the regular	1
i almost just dropped my phone off a 3rd story balcony	3
i almost just dropped my phone off a 3rd story balcony	5
his pc which costs $400 (same as an xbox or ps4) can hold 50fps in the witcher 3 almost everywhere ,  while the xbox/ps4 struggle for 30 . 	2
his pc which costs $400 (same as an xbox or ps4) can hold 50fps in the witcher 3 almost everywhere ,  while the xbox/ps4 struggle for 30 . 	4
im hoping next year too ! im going to be so sad watching the snapchat stories lol	1
storm anxiety on high today . 	2
storm anxiety on high today . 	4
just like you!	0
la plzzz remove the block from the snap wallah i ll be polite i swear  .  . but let me see ur snaps i miss ur sanps	1
greys anatomy got my hooked	1
and whos attached to it	0
cutchs arm is like #pirates	3
im fine	1
i would but how would i go about that	0
what a day .  #brexit passed ,  shockingly .  whats next ? 	1
brooooo! we td tf up last night but i fmu and we lit asf	0
hey! please dm us your email so we can look into this for you	0
you also sent out a letter about a free recycle service for £15 . 00	1
thanks!	3
thanks!	5
we did enjoy the crazy golf there but got bittern to fuck my the mozzies have a great time	2
its raining whole day!! #ulanpamore	2
its raining whole day!! #ulanpamore	4
its raining whole day!! #ulanpamore	4
man my stomach	0
one step at a time . 	0
i love it!	0
we dont know eachother lets be friends	0
we dont know eachother lets be friends	1
omg can we please do this when i visit ?  ?  ? 	0
why am i even up	1
can it be the weekend already please	1
one of my favorite things about visiting my bro at udel is that they have their own dairy farm with amazing ice cream	0
its been nearly three weeks and i still have yet to hear from my advisor about setting up my schedule for the fall term	2
i hate you	0
when your shaman throws you into a shroom trip	3
when your shaman throws you into a shroom trip	5
so i just found out the hard way that siri doesnt understand my voice i have to say shit like 5times before she understands	1
so i just found out the hard way that siri doesnt understand my voice i have to say shit like 5times before she understands	1
he created the universe on the shirt	0
but you work and have school	1
sending invites out now for my stream happening shortly cant wait to see you guys soon	0
got a half days pay for only 13 extra minutes on a delivery . 	0
¡knock-out!	0
it aint a threat ,  its a promise	2
thank you	0
i stay away from coitus chats lately .  over promise ,  under deliver risk in that . 	0
tl to funny tonight	1
the masters for a very very special song will be done tomorrow finally the cover art is being done as well this weeknd:smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes:eye . am . lit	0
gone get my blue back	2
dialog [standard] is up .  (unofficial) 2016-06-18 15:40:03 utc #bluemix	0
dont lie to yourself	0
going to st . lukes and i wanna eat some tacos	1
i just sent you a dm hope you check it out .  and thank you for following back	0
i need to grow up man all i do is laugh at everybody laugh laugh crack a joke laugh	1
i cant believe its been exactly one year since boys state	0
no more mexicans food this summer! they trying to get me fat	2
you know the shit & you know i aint with the thank yous but anytime	0
was your day good bbz ? 	0
miss you bby	0
heard rumours but everyone will want him now	1
heard rumours but everyone will want him now	4
yall leave yet ,  or still here ?  was trying to see if i could spot yall from my seats earlier	0
lol u aint never lied	0
eijun is my spirit animal	0
cannot deny love you tay	0
playstation launches frost bite whilst microsoft counters with project scorpion for the xbox interesting times ahead for us gamers	0
when you gotta stay in the other room while pops does a drug transaction #cholotwitter	0
i shall teach you	0
my mom is about to fucking kill us trying to text and drive	2
my mom is about to fucking kill us trying to text and drive	4
need to stop falling asleep w/ a full face of makeup on	1
lol bring thing nah	0
im kind of second guessing pride after what happened	1
y’all ,  i’m on part 5 of the series .  and i’m here to tell you .  get a drink .  my blood is boiling	1
my presentations are always lit af	0
my girlfriend is like a ferrari i dont have a ferrari . 	0
she said that shit	0
benjamins mustache looks good and im sure ill regret saying that one day	0
sad to say but some people dont deserve children	1
you havent dmed me in so long:( it would make me so incredibly happy:) if u did .  ily #motavatormonday	0
good morning and thanxz and same for you	0
love will take over your mind	2
love will take over your mind	4
the warning thats announced before i enter a city . 	0
dont judge people without knowing what they went through	0
dont judge people without knowing what they went through	0
my brother came home & got drunk off a pint of henny g i cant even get drunk off that	2
my brother came home & got drunk off a pint of henny g i cant even get drunk off that	4
every time i post sum ,  ya wanna slide in my messages . 	0
happiest birthday ,  hope u enjoyed ur day everything will be okay ,  okay ? 	0
oh please .  i know you lie about being older for some reason .  but you arent that old	0
she is soooo cute	0
its my birthday tomorrow	0
lol you know thattttt	0
now watch me whip _/¯ ¯\_ now watch me nae nae \ || \_ _/¯…	0
now watch me whip _/¯ ¯\_ now watch me nae nae \ || \_ _/¯…	3
now watch me whip _/¯ ¯\_ now watch me nae nae \ || \_ _/¯…	5
same though	0
shaun wtf lmao	3
shaun wtf lmao	5
honestly the entire album is exactly what i needed #skin	0
i love competition ;  it helps me win faster #motivation #inspiration #entrepreneur #winner #hustle #grind #businessminded	2
ohh .  .  my bad . 	0
you can your own tweets omg	0
agreed ,  certainly not a two horse race ,  will be hard fought but good fun bring it on	2
my favorite part of the ride back home was when flipped off a lady in the mcdonalds drive thru .  .  .  s…	0
ay its a date not just company	0
my kids sleep until 3 aint god good	0
i cant wait for #bigbrother im so excited!	0
the french have to escalate  .  .  .  when they dont wanna lose	3
the french have to escalate  .  .  .  when they dont wanna lose	5
take advantage	0
europa on saturday	0
gotta work on baby birthday	1
game 7 tonight	2
cant believe theres a porsche instead of a ktm! dont think i can ever forgive you . 	1
short film project	0
dont fall asleep on a beach .  youll be needing lots of aloe	3
dont fall asleep on a beach .  youll be needing lots of aloe	5
i cant stop thinking about the cavs and downtown last night	0
you stay safe ,  too ,  sunshine . 	0
today really got me thinking	0
sorry for the retweet flood ,  that man was speaking to all of me	1
experienced this! na lain gud ko gamay . 	1
when i say food i mean good food	2
when i say food i mean good food	4
hi girls! i love u so your music makes me so happy eu te amo follow me ?  x9	0
hi girls! i love u so your music makes me so happy eu te amo follow me ?  x9	0
hi girls! i love u so your music makes me so happy eu te amo follow me ?  x9	0
thats the exact one i got ,  bih be having me knocked out in a coma	0
idk but dark chocolate is	0
sorry not sorry	1
miss you din! have fun sa outing!!	0
cutie	0
excellent! great director of choral music you have there!	0
and to top off me hating my apartment ,  im getting another roommate oh the joy	0
literally dreamt about buying make up all night .  woke up and had nothing to show for it . 	1
hes dating someone	2
hes dating someone	5
guys i just stubbed my toe really hard rrrmmm it hurts so bad	4
swimming pool _-_ kendrick	0
wow ganda .  well all about them is beautiful #aldubiyamin14days	0
gareth bale you beauty	0
nothing at all	0
im really missing a lot of people right now .  like a lot isnt the same no more . 	1
i want a mint oreo milkshake from sonic	1
(0/3) ap science math	0
kinda miss talking to her short ass	0
anthony dmed me omg i love him	0
i wanna laugh	2
i wanna laugh	4
up in the air ,  but maybe!!	2
up in the air ,  but maybe!!	5
i miss you djeane	0
im so hungry boh	1
yes he sure is	0
im done	1
realy funny seriously - about hate against poles .  this bloody paper is doing exactly the same since years .  1/2	0
i need friends	1
thanks	0
unofficial niggaz always hating on the official	0
honestly wish i knew whats catalog is gonna look like tonight .  .  .  its not a tour so anything may be performed .  i hv goosebumps	1
honestly wish i knew whats catalog is gonna look like tonight .  .  .  its not a tour so anything may be performed .  i hv goosebumps	4
some subway would hit rn	0
you have a fat thats why	0
in that case one shall give it a miss! i might shit ones knickers	5
whats that a bar ?  lol im not 21 yet til next month	1
so oitnb is next week and queen of the south premieres soon	0
yeah ,  weve been crossing over lol .  i am two thirds into a bottle of pinot right now	1
if you leave dont come back !	2
if you leave dont come back !	4
i cant find a good picture of taylor . 	1
i feel like im getting my pay back for being a horrible texter cuss now monica is the one not replying	0
im always late with it but damn that episode of game of thrones was amazing . 	1
i can relate lmaooo	4
barely keeping my eyes open	1
shiiii my happy ahh will be there  .  not going to roach infested tierwester	0
thanks	0
i cant wait to see you soon idol	0
thanks for the motivation will meet u all someday maybe on the bitchs wedding	0
thank you	0
theres a slight difference between tashkent slam and wimbledon . 	0
oh will you just stop it !!!	0
my pleasure!! video coming up wahu	0
yall taking what i post on here too serious ,  worry bout what i dont post sweetheart	0
uber!	0
kill a sweet  imma tell him just drop that top shawty  . 	1
i miss you love	1
no she annoying she luccy she went to sleep cuz i was bout to push her off the bed	0
mane	1
dialog [standard] is up .  (unofficial) 2016-06-11 15:40:03 utc #bluemix	0
i really dont know why im awake	1
this bitch	0
well ive had some issues in the past	0
so stop fronting like u come from where it get crazy	4
nvm .  .  them tickets expensive mehson	1
ugh i need a nap	1
do i spy a happy man ? ! as a fellow celt ive got a wee smile on my face too!! xx	0
do i spy a happy man ? ! as a fellow celt ive got a wee smile on my face too!! xx	0
its one of my favourites	1
why does morning always come so fast	1
well shit my phone is gonna die	1
when i was hugging kian i slipped a note into his shopping bag haha hope he reads it #kianandjcdublin	0
haha hell yeah im gunna freek out	0
when people spell my name like aliyah bitch its alaiya tf that dont even look the same	2
when people spell my name like aliyah bitch its alaiya tf that dont even look the same	4
nooooo nope ,  cheesecake is just grossss ,  no matter what the flavour its grim oops	4
those selcas of seomates sooooo funny covering their face lmao .  im still looking for red&black clothes everything for you our queen	1
me and mya excepting all party invitations all summer long	0
love to know how all these creeps on instagram find my account	0
might go out and grab some tonight while i still can	0
actually miss that body i had going their! xava de butt ,  xava de arms! gym tomorrow!	1
i wanna rent some bikes and ride the river walk so who wants to join	0
i wanna rent some bikes and ride the river walk so who wants to join	0
cant beat a chinese tonight	0
did he really just declined my call ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !	2
im either melting ,  or so cold that im shivering and my lips are blue	0
nahh someone just referred to the leavers as the great unwashed	0
i only check instagram for about 5 mins then im back on either twitter or snapchat	0
call shift ends at 11 .  phone didnt ring .  which means ill be there all 12 hours overnight tomorrow . 	1
when can i see you	0
nevermind	1
when i told montay him & mir can get their own room & me and cam would get our own he got to cheesy	0
id ask "how could things get any worse" but i know they could and im really not trying to jinx myself right now . 	1
i cant wait to work our sold out boat party on friday on the mic as well this ones going to be mad	0
its early	0
well its depressing when its becoming light and your still at work xxx	1
yess hml anytime  . 	0
already missing pcb too much #withdrawals	1
nobody understands how tired i am seeing rip shit breaks my heart to see so many ppl dying so fast	1
i have enjoyed your past 4th of july tweets so much .  hope you send another good one!	0
happy birthday to one of my best internet friend i love you to bits hope to see you soon kahit na tinatawag mo lang akong matwa	0
happy birthday to one of my best internet friend i love you to bits hope to see you soon kahit na tinatawag mo lang akong matwa	0
happy birthday to one of my best internet friend i love you to bits hope to see you soon kahit na tinatawag mo lang akong matwa	1
-everybody say i look young af with my natural hair out thats a good thing until i go to the club	0
-everybody say i look young af with my natural hair out thats a good thing until i go to the club	1
lmaoo cause of them muscles	0
longs as you know you my bitch ion have to say it	0
i dont have a car i dont have plenty of money i dont have a house im just a simple person with a kind heart and soul	0
love you too .  from the bottle of our hearts . 	0
im a new student tomorrow	0
you seem cool idk you tho !	0
you seem cool idk you tho !	0
save it for later	0
some people confidence level is to high and it shouldnt be	0
fucking cunts .  .  .  . and england are to blame ?  ? 	2
say hello to me	0
seen it mate was brilliant	0
my phone did wanna cut on almost died	1
where is our fairy friend ! ? ! ?  shes gone awol again	1
i wish i wouldve stopped by	1
homework	1
difficulties like not being able to board a chartered flight	0
it still doesnt feel like my birthday cause it hasnt hit 12 in cali yet	2
it still doesnt feel like my birthday cause it hasnt hit 12 in cali yet	4
today was a good day	0
people kills me when they do the most over a nigga thats not for them	0
no ones active for cara dms anymore ? 	1
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x60 , 233	0
i need another pair of red bottoms for gotti show	0
you dont shop lil bitch ,  heard you stole everything you got lil bitchhhh . 	0
curry cant guard that nigga for shit	0
mens volleyball is no joke	3
mens volleyball is no joke	5
i dont give a damn what anyone see me or think about me as!! honestly	2
i dont give a damn what anyone see me or think about me as!! honestly	4
smh he dead gone leave if they dont 2peat thats the crazy part	0
my good tweets dont get the attention what they deserve .  #sedlyf	0
dont blame ya	0
01:00 i love you more than the food tweet me  ?  or dm me  ?  i need that	1
annie likes ugly girls	3
annie likes ugly girls	5
just printed tickets for brain dump in newcastle for december! #birthdaygift ready & waiting!	0
not funny bro ,  i looked a mess	3
not funny bro ,  i looked a mess	5
yesssss ill let you know next time im in town	0
yesssss ill let you know next time im in town	0
rhysand and cassian are my babies but i also adore lucien and azriel ,  pretty much all the main males excluding tamlin	0
im doing the marty express ,  leaving aber at 7am friday ,  picking lads up in london and back same night!	0
song lyrics	0
the struggle of wanting to do something but not knowing what to do	1
i really did though	0
sto amando il photoshoot #cherryseason	0
somewhere that looks sunny . 	3
do parents not understand how much we actually do for them or do they just see the stuff we dont do ?  ? 	1
my uncle tryna make lean with off brand pepsi	0
chill	1
maybe his grandfather fought for the germans	0
thank you ate!! grabe tawa ko sa photo na to .  i love you!	0
thank you ate!! grabe tawa ko sa photo na to .  i love you!	0
the second pic!!	0
omg !! billups making me nervous!!	1
looks funny thou	0
oh how i just love your smile	0
3:47am driving from northriding to melville playing the braids - bohemian rhapsody on repeat with pk and pearl	0
when my friends hype me up too much	0
after today i feel i could probably graduate law school .  ive learnt a lot of words	0
turn ya switch on bron	2
i saw your tweet getting mad love and i knew what i had to do	0
torture watching everyone eat pizza	1
mf actually left and joined and we still in the same team	0
im supposed to save to go on a trip to seattle with nick around sept but theres also vegas in oct .  .  . 	1
you need contacts tell me what u dont see look at ya man im everything he wont be	0
hopefully you were following my tweets! #nephjc	0
beginning of stress & worries ,  again	1
listening to greysons old songs too much feels	1
just played the #re7 demo ?  ?  ?  atleast i think its re .  .  . i loved it but its not re .  .  . they should of started a new game series with this!	1
i wanna see her too ,  lets all do something!	0
yeah that would be so great! i have no defined plans yet either ,  would be fab to see you!	0
how debo know craig dad was gonna be at the burrito spot in next friday	1
cant leave the lil tiger alone too long .  .  .  everything has it 2 sides .  .  .  you get some ,  you loose some .  .  .  thats life .  . 	0
cant leave the lil tiger alone too long .  .  .  everything has it 2 sides .  .  .  you get some ,  you loose some .  .  .  thats life .  . 	0
probably do baby .  but for the weekend idk .  i havent decided completely yet	1
i shouldnt have to	1
the bestfeeling speechless #aldub11thmonthsary ht…	1
i think so ,  members call her "chaeyeon-mom"	0
literally just gagged	4
i would never trade my place in any of the girl that someones playing dress up barbie	0
love how i can gonin for free to watch any movie	0
thats my bf ,  thats my day 1 ,  thats my bitch! tryna t up ,  then you know we w/ the shits! we gone ride til the wheels fall off!	0
yiz ,  he will never notice you	4
yes and before i leave too! i leave the 5th	1
that fake love and support dont get you nowhere	2
we must see something soon! you guys were so lovely!!! me too!! what date ?  ? 	0
we all werent made to please everyone	1
chocolates will never break my heart . 	0
someone should take me to victoria secret	0
my mama dont like you and she likes everyone	0
thats our elected officials at work .  .  .  ya cant make it up	0
so close to	1
when i go out of town ,  morgan over spends and tweets way to much	0
you let me go so i can talk to your "ex" thats i like her better anyway	0
some people have a lot of growing up to do . 	2
some people have a lot of growing up to do . 	4
i thought your tweet was about harrison but yeah him	0
hey james there is someone trying to use your pictures on their account its thought id let you know	0
fuck that these bitches be crabbin	0
#kuchrangpyarkeaisebhi tweeps how was d proposal episode ?  share ur fav part with us using #kuchrangproposal	0
waiting for this drop off . 	0
4 days	1
if i get my hair done i think id feel a lil bit better	1
hes bi he said it ages ago ,  everyone has a chance	0
finally saw finding dory w/my bf	0
im waiting for vh1 hip hop honors  .  .  .  of course theyre paying tribute to the queen  .  .  lil kim that is  .  . 	0
son was literally just standing there	0
im not bouta hold the phone to my ear and listen to you breathe dafuq	2
im not bouta hold the phone to my ear and listen to you breathe dafuq	4
im not bouta hold the phone to my ear and listen to you breathe dafuq	3
im not bouta hold the phone to my ear and listen to you breathe dafuq	5
4minute	5
i wish you could be our driver	0
the nigga getting 1 pair every 2 months now  .  .  fuck all that	0
so these flowers im getting added to jazlyn name and color to my flower on my stomach its going to hurt	0
so these flowers im getting added to jazlyn name and color to my flower on my stomach its going to hurt	1
so these flowers im getting added to jazlyn name and color to my flower on my stomach its going to hurt	1
is it 11 pm yet ? 	0
nothing i hate more than having to pass the hair piece while im getting my hair done	1
why cant they just say theyll come back sporadically ?  save us the confusion and google searches . 	0
im your inspiration you tried to meet my expectations all along you had limitations	2
oomf was so fine last night	0
yall just dont understand the shit i go through everyday bruh from work then bullshit at home then personal shit i cant do it	2
yall just dont understand the shit i go through everyday bruh from work then bullshit at home then personal shit i cant do it	4
my brother has never shouted so loud in his life	0
i just wanna be entwined in my boos arms	1
gonna swerve it jess .  feel fucked	1
barnes is the worst finals player ever	2
barnes is the worst finals player ever	4
time to go visit my grandmas grave	1
feel like an #alien going back into #work totally consumed by #wanderlust	0
so i know you got my text	2
so i know you got my text	4
- gorgeous!! - hecka nice - hanging out everyday during 7th grade - 50 first dates	0
- gorgeous!! - hecka nice - hanging out everyday during 7th grade - 50 first dates	0
#icansmellthe shrimp ,  theyre beginning to boil drifting away again ,  in margaritaville .  #finsup #landshark #buymybeer4me	0
#ripchristina a life shattered by a gun im speechless	1
sassy mouth	0
fr wtf people	0
hi you mean the world to me & i hope that wherever you are ,  that youre genuinely happy and healthy mind following me  ? 	0
i beat his ass ,  but damn . 	0
what did i just read  .  .  . 	1
mama said i gotta get checked up cause theres too many knots and its not healthy im scared . 	1
i want more gal pals .  kyle doesnt like having "girl time" with me	1
everybody always gets over their hangover quicker than me	1
i aint trynna date ,  you aint trynna date ,  so wassup	0
like dang	2
like dang	4
shmanks roland! i feel a whole lot better!	0
im so excited about drawing those masses of curls even if it kills me haha	0
i love my curls	0
enjoy yourself ,  see you tomorrow bob	0
i do know but before i felt really insecure about myself and had friends and family to talk to me	0
when will bae return from japan	1
fuck dudes that stay treating woman like sexual objects and not like actual people with valid feelings ,  opinions ,  etc	2
fuck dudes that stay treating woman like sexual objects and not like actual people with valid feelings ,  opinions ,  etc	4
im da best	0
i miss you so much	1
i supposed to be sleep  ,  but i cant go	1
bro youre telling me	3
bro youre telling me	5
my legs are really killing me	1
too much hotness in one picture ate	1
thanks yessenia june babies	0
the fact that you can buy 10 chicken nuggets from burger king for $1 . 49 makes me cringe	4
clearly im not type cuz i might be a tad bit aggressive (in a good way) but ill make a bomb ass homie tho	0
im a miami fan but i like gsw because of alex	0
so apparently this lil pup not stupid he was just taken from the nest 4 weeks early thats why he acting like this .  . i feel bad	1
so apparently this lil pup not stupid he was just taken from the nest 4 weeks early thats why he acting like this .  . i feel bad	5
maybe just a little ?  ? 	0
no matter how down you are for a person theyll still find a way to bring you down smh	1
tired as hell up feeding jazelle	1
im listening to "when i see you" by fantasia and im not getting those butterflies in my stomach i need to be crushing on somebody	1
im listening to "when i see you" by fantasia and im not getting those butterflies in my stomach i need to be crushing on somebody	1
this is like one of the nicest things someones ever said	0
we almost off	0
nah george ,  you look bomb look at them groomed eyebrows you got going on	0
that one episode where jacks and tara have sex next to a dead cop	0
omg i forgot good thing you didnt ,  i didnt either .  .  or u would of been screwed	0
a bug flew on me & i screamed all loud	0
love how biased football fans are! every hilarious when it goes in your favour ,  injustice when against! #engwal	0
ol girl was looking fine today	0
curry and lebron are at it	0
"sure .  .  . " uh oh did my voice just chirp ? 	1
tomorrow is gonna be a good day	0
just want a girl i can give booty rubbs to	1
did not manage to get sahur .  hmm lets do this	0
why did i ever cancel netflix	1
might have hit an owl earlier when driving to the gym .  .  seriously depressed me	1
your welcome	0
that shit was pissing me off i had to slide	0
 ;  lol im sorry baby you looked tooooo bomb all them niggas was geekin when you left	0
 ;  lol im sorry baby you looked tooooo bomb all them niggas was geekin when you left	0
 ;  lol im sorry baby you looked tooooo bomb all them niggas was geekin when you left	0
yeah ofc .  .  in spirit	0
my life isn’t perfect ,  but i’m thankful for everything i have .  .  #alhamdulilah	0
to my #favorite #foodie #app  .  .  .  what are ur top 3 fav brunch spots near midtown or ues/uws ?  i trust you u always get it	0
hehe thank you mark	0
hehe thank you mark	0
yassss on snapchat! #yayrockets	0
bryce irritating	1
its not even 11 ,  & im in bed & im finished with all my homework . 	0
made my mom a snapchat and im literally dying over it	0
come back to miami	1
also the unacceptable face of #keepingit70s	1
most definitely! lol .  in the pic we took your hair looks like its mine	0
lol i love you so much ,  can i just sneak you in my luggage idk what im gonna do without you	1
smh yall ever got beat up by the pussy ? 	1
smh yall ever got beat up by the pussy ? 	5
this lil boy outside just called me ugly he finally sees what i see	1
ill kill that nigga for my bro	2
found the charger	0
went for a lil dip	0
whisper a joke in19 languages to my ears ,  missandei .  id listen and laugh forever! #gameofthrones	0
this is really interesting tho .  i mean why is he there ?  hahahaha hmmm my theory is .  .  .  alam na this!	0
this is really interesting tho .  i mean why is he there ?  hahahaha hmmm my theory is .  .  .  alam na this!	0
catch me a spree	2
is it bad the main thing i am guttered about leaving the eau is no more milky way stars	1
in so much pain	1
in so much pain	5
i aint	1
i aint	4
i loved the new #dolantwinsnewvideo go check it can i get a follow/dm ?  ? love and i met	0
i loved the new #dolantwinsnewvideo go check it can i get a follow/dm ?  ? love and i met	0
i loved the new #dolantwinsnewvideo go check it can i get a follow/dm ?  ? love and i met	0
lol yea	0
but what about the football result ? 	0
i think lyanna is in love with rhaeger ,  and ran away with him instead of kidnapped (i think)	0
you dont know shit a nigga been thur	1
tell me why i told my mom to say it	0
and if (fingers crossed) i get an offer ill take prof comms ,  but if not ill take marketing	0
dont - me	1
day parties are a set up i was in bed by 10 my stepdad ordered me pizza because i was about to need a barf bucket	0
same! the exact reason breakfast burritos were created	0
man that course got me fucked up lol .  bout to hit a dummy nap till bout seventhuddy	0
"take me off pause" has to be said every facetime call	0
guess what tomorrow is	0
to making noises with grass and our mouths	0
omg im crying you are my whole heart .  i love you so much	1
she gone cry	1
i love apple music sooooo much im so glad i got a job to pay for it	0
you guys better invite me	0
i honestly miss him like crazy because of his stupid random sc and phone calls and just play fighting with him all the time fuck man	1
i honestly miss him like crazy because of his stupid random sc and phone calls and just play fighting with him all the time fuck man	1
i want your dog so baaddd	1
another early morning pt session .  china is just 8 weeks away	5
i run out of data like the first week every single month	1
hurts more than i thought it would	1
and the damn music video for it too	4
hey cutie! happy to see u fucked again! was rough with your sweet ass! #power bottom	0
haha well i am different ,  that doesnt surprise me xx	0
i bet a lot of us have dozed off to sleep .  so i will start our first topic tomorrow .  jangan lupa sahur! stay tune and goodnight	0
congratulation w 3gball el7rmaa	0
cool	0
me too yasmyn stuck babysitting i know shes mad asf	0
excited for my tita/lolas 60th!! surprise birthday partyyyy tmrw	0
thanks!	0
why dont you guys ever play together anymore ?  i miss you all being together	1
tbh sistar always doesnt have a fair part for each member	2
tbh sistar always doesnt have a fair part for each member	4
i swear i hate when people think they know me	1
wish i was laid up rn	1
crying	0
hella heart eyes . 	0
havent ate since 1	0
listening to the old albums .  #bday #dangerouslyinlove #sashafierce	0
just toooooo beautiful & very spoiled like me and you can dress boo ! imma hit yall up in that group chat	1
so into it i never noticed i was on episode 9	5
thanks girl!	0
elizabeth is too funny shes a whole handful	0
i hate to be so negative this early in the morning but damn some of my followers are ugly as fuck like i cant even pls stop ouch my eyes	1
ball is lyf daw chareng	0
please ,  lord ,  please stop .  your stupid twitter fights arent changing anyones opinions! guns ,  no guns ,  twitter isnt the place! stahpppp	2
see! i always liked harassing old people	0
morning underpant update from kev	4
glad i wont be here for that	0
apparently its the first day of summer today! but all i can see is rain rain rain and more fucking rain	2
ayy its on on demand	0
well thats one way to close it out dj	3
well thats one way to close it out dj	5
going to slp	1
a bowl of peas is my dinner	0
payday a couple days away but it feel like its next year these days going slow . 	0
its okay for a change	0
cant chew properly .  .  . 	4
ooooo girl you so far behind i cant wait til you get farther	0
you know what you was doing u toe up for that	2
watching my love slay in mindependenceday 2! love her	0
just seeing the news about the bombing in #istambul	1
all i wish	0
i just read a horrendous spoiler about #oitnb and i hope to god its not true	3
sure! but mine represent a business model . 	0
me too	0
you started a trend of getting gladiators with no fruit ,  not w huge fan of it	0
i didnt  ,  i aint know you pose to wear no swim suit ,  hell i brought some blue jean shorts & a shirt to wear	0
i didnt  ,  i aint know you pose to wear no swim suit ,  hell i brought some blue jean shorts & a shirt to wear	1
i didnt  ,  i aint know you pose to wear no swim suit ,  hell i brought some blue jean shorts & a shirt to wear	1
i swear no one likes to fucking text me back	2
i swear no one likes to fucking text me back	4
yeah us winning the euros but having a shit economy will make everyone jealous lol	0
happy birthday elye! hope you have a rad love ya	0
hahaha sorry ,  lav you girls .  i think im having ulcer kasi anyway ,  im happy that youre happy	0
hahaha sorry ,  lav you girls .  i think im having ulcer kasi anyway ,  im happy that youre happy	4
 . @samararedway doesnt want to do the cinnamon challenge cause she thinks its going to kill her	0
labour party falling like dominos this morning .  . 	1
fuck missing someone	4
i love the dolan family	0
lol one day hopefully	0
uno i dont swing that way meynn ,  about hypocrite kmt come round the corner	0
mrs .  gonzalez thought i could get a 5 but ima just get a fat 1 and that upsets me	1
100 infield .  for all 3 games x2	0
i guess this is the part where i go home & have no life	2
i guess this is the part where i go home & have no life	4
tacos today	0
italy is gorgeous ive been there	0
closer to myrtle tho	0
my son gon be 8 sunday	1
best friend birthday	0
dude  ,  im done with you dont you get it  ? 	2
dude  ,  im done with you dont you get it  ? 	4
niggas love all black with red shoes	0
nice work man	0
yes you were closer to white men at the coast hence modern took them a minute to get us in our forests	0
dayani amelia i love my middle name . 	1
mann i love our relationship	0
im bored	2
youre welcome! just getting ready to watch your new youtube video! still need to upload mine!	0
oh .  im so idiot	0
whats happening #dubnation	0
omg the way jungkook ran i would be so scared lol	1
bulls still better regardless .  everybody knows that	0
i sorry .  thankful im off and chilling like a villain!	0
i sorry .  thankful im off and chilling like a villain!	0
i sorry .  thankful im off and chilling like a villain!	1
i need a cole sprouse in my life	0
when your mom sees the lunch you made & asks you to make dinner	0
that collab	0
because me and work all the time .  we have to hangout at work when were scheduled together	0
says he wants a big crowd at hull fc game to celebrate the appeal win and the win to take us into the top 8	0
hate saying name .  bc its my name lol	2
no wonder why we get along	0
who else ?  its an ultra surprise dm!	0
dont tell me you are going for lebronda ?  at least you have good taste in football teams!	0
dont tell me you are going for lebronda ?  at least you have good taste in football teams!	0
shes a nice girl kevin .  she just doesnt want to be a politics babe	0
its not your luck its allahs perfect plan jummah mubarakan musalmano	0
and tickets go on sale in a couple weeks .  so i guess it will be fine hopefully he comes when im not away . 	0
when i dead ass dont have anything to do nobody ringing my line up but when im dead sleep everybody got something to say	4
dude im saying!! only ten episodes though read the manga .  shit hits the ceiling real quick	1
bet you aint never felt 3 am like this	0
why would you do that to yourself  .  .  ?  customizing cleats wont help your touch you thumb	0
beautiful edit	0
good morning slut muffins!	0
i always pack like the night before a trip ,  without fail	0
he makes me happy never felt like this before	0
brilliant win ,  had to get the 3 points and did .  .  .  just #eng	0
this is why i dont go out .  people like to touch me too much	2
this is why i dont go out .  people like to touch me too much	4
+ + = sure yan!	0
how about you pull on the door 1 more time!!!!!!!!!!!!! we open at 8 but im sure if you keep pulling ill open early!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
shit i lost them in the club and they had my phone	5
oh i thought you were at miami ,  but no i leave the 20th but im busy this whole week ,  so yes def as soon as i come back	0
know your worth .  #ido	0
heard ab dont een claim you lmao	1
no she dont	0
i will keep you posted feeling #excited already	0
this semester i only plan to slay & work  .   .  stack my papers while i focus on school & look good doing it	0
okay okay my bad	0
i would like to be friends with all pen players please	0
why is she so precious	1
huggies drypant	2
huggies drypant	5
they got like 4 in west philly	1
16 this year  ,  17 next year	0
ily still	0
i dont know what maxs complaining about #f1	0
them too	1
just got interrogated on my knowledge of rappers and trap rap	0
cascade of problems	1
will anyone play xbox if i buy a membership again	0
smh at the things that i see go on	2
smh at the things that i see go on	4
seeing the corona geo tag on andys snap chats makes me so happy	1
we cant wait if best is yet to come ,  what about that angellos bootleg ?  offlcial remix ? 	0
good morning 2 avid knitters recruited for knitting midwives!	0
i cant find his mixtapes on my downloader	1
if you dont microwave your milk when making coffee youre losing out	1
if you dont microwave your milk when making coffee youre losing out	4
this is the best video ever of my gross brother literally in tears laughing this made my day!	0
old ass	2
old ass	4
when u forget u have hw so u get up hella fast and knock it out	1
essa mulher via	0
so im looking at your weekend tweets (got home from the u . p .  last night) and realized we were at the falls at the same time!	0
going to my first zumba class wish me luck	0
isnt it  .  we have a lovely choice of independents .  now we can choose one for the mood of the day	0
thanks man . 	0
yikes whitefittedjumpsuit + karlieredd= notgoodlook not enough spandex in this world to keep that tight #lhhatl	0
love you	0
love braylon man glad he feel better	1
i think people should mind their own fucking bussiness	0
your eyes look super cool	0
mlrt was so real & deep	0
does sean not know how to smile	0
you were talking shit the whole time ,  then flipped me off ?  lmao .  make sure you talk all this shit next time i see you . 	0
countdown for cuti raya	0
girl i dont even know but its by house lol  ,  hella folks our age like who tf  ,  when tf ? 	0
it must be nice to be you but you the bro!	0
i believe it . 	0
well done keep it up champ! good to see you back in form	0
rarely use the trains for work purposes and after this mornings cancellations i can understand why so many people get frustrated	2
hahahaha i can see that u really love the anime *wiggles eyebrows*	0
damn ,  vegas is crackin .  hate you all who is there . 	0
i think ill just keep him as a friend but one day when my affairs are in order ima swerve	0
i think ill just keep him as a friend but one day when my affairs are in order ima swerve	1
no ,  i do like it! it is weird ,  but its my kind of weird	0
hits ya right in the feels thinking about all the things youll never get to say to a person again . 	1
when bedweather comes a week before vacation ends	3
when bedweather comes a week before vacation ends	5
i want to color my hair so badly	2
i want to color my hair so badly	4
blessing all summer 16	2
lol with the eyeliner	0
peliss	0
i aspire to have a glide like kevin cordes	0
planning baby showers are so much fun	0
i dont need friends everyone either fake or hating	0
cavs leading rn	0
yes!!! we still have girls who are loyal	0
its bloody cold . 	2
its bloody cold . 	4
mac had to work so we must reschedule	1
yeah hope so ,  but at least you had fun	0
i loveee it you look great!	0
id say youre beautiful but youre just beyond that ,  there isnt a word that can describe how gorgeous you are	0
im tired of seeing what would you wont or what you would do  .  .  .  birds of a feather does not flock together so i will never be you	0
im childish	1
i cant take it	1
i cant take it	4
yeah i dont go to coliseum or roof top anymore & i barely go to tabu now i be in there bout bored af	1
im starving what do i wanna eat	1
i wouldnt know	0
this time last night i was so waved	0
time to get lit	0
wish id just go to sleep	1
so true	1
ill check it	0
i wrote the wrong time in the last one .  i dont want to cam for 16 hours straight .  ruby needs sleep . 	0
thank ya!	0
shit prolly but we even now	1
i could have been asleep for a whole hour again i never learn	0
im already craving sushi and i had some yesterday	0
sorry about the rants .  i just had to get it off my nerves . 	2
sorry about the rants .  i just had to get it off my nerves . 	4
thanks for the hair brush btw	0
i like him but i suppose hes not a leader . 	1
i like him but i suppose hes not a leader . 	4
i really wanna play forza horizon 3 it looked sooooo good! its making me want to buy horizon 2 and forza 6 now that theyre on sale . 	1
#lrt kill my boring ass straight friends dont understand shit	0
thank you ,  teachers!	0
damn right i was	0
been a while since ive seen my twin twin  .  .  . so excited ,  see you soon	0
my mum gave me a nytol tablet last night so i could get a decent sleep and ive just woke up from a 12 and a half hour sleep ,  result	0
mines hotter	0
i dont know why anyone would say im mean .  im an angel . 	0
s/o to my pops for not pulling out and happy fathers day to my mother aka my queen aka the real mvp	0
its not that fun watching them alone	1
i love love love your music and your voice #beauty	0
lol this is why ive stayed single for so long cant stand arguing	2
lol this is why ive stayed single for so long cant stand arguing	4
thanks wolf	0
oh noooo! hes gonna make her work the block!	1
ppl are so ignorant	2
ppl are so ignorant	4
check dms please ive been trying for so long to facetime with you and ive always failed #facetimemenash x31	1
tahtee finna cry cause of what im telling her	1
a big round of applause to you	0
lmao maybe u can work your way up to manager !	0
damn	0
i wasnt screaming its i was excetremly talkative	0
i wasnt screaming its i was excetremly talkative	0
gone down da west	0
i hope everyones having a lovely day	0
agree .  perhaps its just momo and her clueless-ness none of mimo is as savage as jess anyways so *phew*	0
agree .  perhaps its just momo and her clueless-ness none of mimo is as savage as jess anyways so *phew*	0
salty about the fact that i cant be with my boys tonight	0
when i say "okay bye" to you im more than likely being a lil baby and i promise ill get over it . 	0
i want a mean nigga who can control my attitude	1
whats happening	1
whats happening	4
keep on dreaming pete!	0
king! he will gonna slay	0
your indiot .  good bye .  im off to the movie on this public holiday that i have .  no guns too	0
did you have fun the other night ? 	0
no more ft	1
were goin to ibiza ur support means the world	0
she not letting yo ass go back to sleep its ova	0
imy baby	0
97 . 9 going hard this morning	0
if it helps youre cute so you have no reason to be single	0
my dude sent that heat yall better be worried  ,  this aint a game	4
well this is just like supporting derby #engrus	4
same .  . 	1
the stuff i be wanting to do while having sexual intercourse but my ancestors wouldnt be proud	1
as if the holy spirit would use your phone number this pastor nkosi!!!	2
as if the holy spirit would use your phone number this pastor nkosi!!!	4
i am scared	1
i need to go by me some more frames	1
lol and damaris was on some other shit	0
that winky face is all the confirmation i need!	0
stay down till u come up #stupid	0
stay down till u come up #stupid	1
i have that shirt in your avi	0
that picture of kyrie is my wallpaper bc	0
feel like spreading some positivity in this negative world so like this tweet for a nice compliment	0
dude havent seen you in forever! text me sometime	0
i cant wait to meet you ,  heard so many things about you!	0
wake up ,  love who you are ,  repeat . 	0
i love bbqs ,  but if i should have a 4th tomorrow im going to puke out my soul out of my body i think 3 in a row are	0
still brazy is out omg im so happy b thank u	1
almost done with this hell called summer school	2
almost done with this hell called summer school	4
when youre stubborn but try to hide it	0
when you wanna see your mom but you dont wanna drive home and she wont come see you	2
when you wanna see your mom but you dont wanna drive home and she wont come see you	4
 .  boo just texted  ,  me	0
wish you cared about me as much as i care about you	1
dyyyyyyying of boredom	4
slowly	0
slowly	1
for millions of dollars id miss however many shots they wanted me to	1
it makes u even more beautiful then u already are	0
miss you thank you for the best dayyy!!!	1
they charge extra to shape ya nails at the salons in nc	2
they charge extra to shape ya nails at the salons in nc	4
i fully dislike wearing makeup now i mean i love doing it ,  its fun but it feels so heavy on my skin	1
im getting emotional .  bringing a tissue box for everyone tomorrow	1
ever since summer started ive let loose	0
when the work you put in is realized let yourself feel the pride but always stay humble and kind	0
good morning marissa	0
knew you was coming! i swear	0
all over my feed	0
hodgson quits with dignity ? 	2
hodgson quits with dignity ? 	4
she tries	0
"2016 is full of stupid people" probably the most accurate thing ive ever heard	0
milik failed	2
you know we tryna make a double givem a bundle better not fumble	0
game time #allin216	2
school	1
having no class on friday better be worth taking biochem over the summer	1
*light skins	0
i wish i had turned my a/c on .  its hotter than a two dollar pistol in here!!!	1
thank you	0
ive seen the first and the last of the thread but thats it!!!!	2
ive seen the first and the last of the thread but thats it!!!!	5
th what was that tweet	0
theres jongdaes ver too im	1
lol you know where i be	0
camila is the queen of stoping for fans like ,  even though shes busy af ,  if you wanna take a selfie or talk to her ,  she will . 	0
camila is the queen of stoping for fans like ,  even though shes busy af ,  if you wanna take a selfie or talk to her ,  she will . 	0
camila is the queen of stoping for fans like ,  even though shes busy af ,  if you wanna take a selfie or talk to her ,  she will . 	3
camila is the queen of stoping for fans like ,  even though shes busy af ,  if you wanna take a selfie or talk to her ,  she will . 	5
she mustve had my twitter silly me	0
thank you for following !	0
me  ,  mase  ,  eli  ,  david and dusti all in one bed tonight lord jesus	0
okay now im excited for this weekend	0
bout to go back to work	1
in ya voice ya know	0
i know thank you	0
im tired of being loyal to the wrong people	1
aur mujhe special wala hug .  please	0
i dont even wanna start on that mann	0
this is when im happiest	0
im so bored	0
happy to help!	0
teach me how . 	1
phoebe was sat on my back on the bed this morning and told me to giddy up .  my response was giddy up! i cant even get up!	0
i wish i took spanish so the people here know what im saying	1
i have 7 dogs .  .  .  theyll kill it	1
lmao when i had to pretend that i liked the patriots just to have the dress down	0
good morning mentions retweet for a fav for a follow and a must follow back #scq…	0
i know!! i think i hold my breathe when watching ,  so intense we need to get closer to that goal though xx	0
sitting on this van makes me want to get up and dance . 	0
why are 90% of followers following me then unfollowing me for a follower themselves ? 	1
i dont have a specialty in anything ,  sports were never really my thing ,  never was good at school ,  but im okay w that	0
the one dance dub is crazy	1
"i wouldve given you anything  ,  just to make you happy  ,  just to hear you say  ,  that you love me one last time"	1
youve thrown me away anyways go siame avi	0
youve thrown me away anyways go siame avi	1
eyes getting heavy	3
eyes getting heavy	5
might hit up grooves tonight	0
really really	0
same girl same	0
the devil been working his ass off lately i swear	1
oh my gosh yessssss the next two weeks are going to be hot	1
you moving forever	3
yes indeed	0
sweet child o mine-guns n roses . 	0
ive just felt so restless this week like ive gotten the run around by so many people that ive had enough	1
stop babes	0
you go to class in pjs ,  why would you be ashamed of going to a store in them	0
jeaven i send someone your name and they said smash	0
jeaven i send someone your name and they said smash	0
sounds like a plan	0
im so bored	2
not gonna lie i really want a mcdonalds and that is one of the reasons why i cant wait to come the mcdonalds here is so far	0
not gonna lie i really want a mcdonalds and that is one of the reasons why i cant wait to come the mcdonalds here is so far	1
i talk to diamond crystal & my bf allday	0
love facing in the morning	0
youre welcome!	0
omg its so hot today	1
i know ah	0
im saying maybe	0
the fuck are the birds doing up at 4am ?  ?  go back to bed	0
do what u gotta do	0
aint too many yella bone hoes i cant have	0
 .  its proving tough for some of the bigger teams! exciting instead of predictable on iceland / ireland	0
yupp	1
sooo its really hot outside	4
lol yes it is i believeeeeeee	0
and maybe she thinks im the same way .  .  .  maybe we just have trouble relating altogether	1
i got my tiger stripes on my booty	0
might be justin  ?  ? 	0
kendall i swear you are one of the prettiest people ever	0
one step at a time .  but why not . 	0
thanks d-rell	0
its a new hotel every time	2
its a new hotel every time	4
im such a 40 year old ,  but that is probably the coolest internship ever .  jealous	0
i dont have time to get cap decorations	1
no i am thick and needed help on a stupid game	1
chillll fam	0
great minds think alike	0
i have 250 love go first on account in bio ! i will give extra follows tell me when ur done	0
nah im not gon do it	0
day asked me bout jay why she do that	1
my family calls me negra now instead of flaca	1
lol .  sadly hes a queenslander	0
pops & big sis on they way to come see a nigga  ,  im happy	0
yea its too crazy for me to drive	1
is it still open cause i want some	0
thats pretty much my bedtime on a week night . 	0
i went to sleep 10 knowing i was gone wake up at like 1 now im up bored	1
i cant wait july & august! summer break is coming! i will have more time lying in bed like a dead body	0
idk how people dont double text i send 20 texts in one minute with no shame	0
i just need to vent to kayla	0
ohh so you do dm then ? !	0
lol these females just be hella dumb	0
i really do not know english .  using translation machine translation is essential . 	0
nobody can tell me that north and saint arent the cutest kids ever	0
tired as hell and i really got five hours left at work	2
tired as hell and i really got five hours left at work	4
i had to!	1
im telling you man like as soon as i turned 16 my life changed lmao	0
sick and tired of being led to believe it an innocent sleepover when she had ulterior motives all along	1
so i end up not replying	0
driving actually went really good today	0
relly avi catch	0
hes a furry fella	0
hope she makes it	0
i barely have 420 followers and i cannot endorse a tattoo with the word tattoo!!	0
slut never come find me ,  its okay next time you kenna rape i will walk pass	0
fucking annoyed till the end of the week .  stupid shit	2
kiana has no chill .  wow	0
just do a few right now	0
the champ is here!	0
what do u mean	1
nobody knows that crazy side of me but yuliana & my boyfriend im so weird my nigga	0
nobody knows that crazy side of me but yuliana & my boyfriend im so weird my nigga	1
once they get want they want they stop trying	0
randi wit the red hair &gt ; 	0
i just wanna spend time  ,  go on nice dates here & there but thats to much to ask but ill wait my time	1
i spent 8 hrs at the airport and ended up going home cause they couldnt rebook my flight	0
morning sir	0
ya .  not happy	2
ya .  not happy	4
you know this is true	0
ive missed littefinger ,  he hasnt been in this season enough	1
hein	0
totally agree ,  and the bloody smoke from the flairs they keep setting off	2
anime and chill later	0
i been in that position over a half smoked bleezy finessed the court & got it dismissed for "lack of evidence"	0
i like it	0
okay  .  bai  . 	2
okay  .  bai  . 	4
my brothers been putting me d wit shit thats why nothing gets pass me	0
what you hoes get sosa for fathers day ? 	0
i also second that	0
obsessed with summer on sunset wale so cold	1
yo zeeland graduate was wildin at beach week	0
im so tempted to go shopping but i need to save money	1
my mom shrunk my favorite romper	1
i love all my mutuals	0
mouth wet  ,  pussy hot  .  .  she only 17	4
bout to send me some unreleased material ,  if only would too	1
welcome to the power squad!!!	0
i am learning so much and i love it #urgeindc16	0
// when you give writer love and he ignores you . 	2
// when you give writer love and he ignores you . 	4
my phone super fucked up	0
im sorry! i would 100% trade places with you if i was able to . 	1
its gotta suck to love somebody knowing theyll never love you back	1
same! i saw it on twitter but i couldnt believe it so i googled it .  lol! shocking .  .  & so unexpected !	1
mmm to have their own concert .  when will rv ?  ? 	1
all mexicans are going to be talking about this game for like the next 3 months	1
i remember now i didnt realize at first	0
yes ,  yes i have squeezed into my age 15 england shirt scoreline regardless ,  im the real winner here .  #euro2016 #eng #engwal	0
as soon as i get back from vacation im taking this hair out im so overwhelmed .  .  .  i need a break	0
all day i thought it was friday	1
thanks istep	0
#got #battleofthebasterds was possibly the most stunning piece of television i have ever seen .  favourite episode to date and .  .  . breathe . 	5
im gutted youve left fb is there no chance for a return ?  xxx	1
they dont make you change the color of your logo though .  .  .  .  #conspiracy	0
listening to when it rain on repeat .  so hyped for the album	0
will do if agrees to produce	0
mmm eating pussy ,  my favourite	0
eugene & i just bought $200 worth of fireworks . 	0
i didnt eat my grapes this year thats probably why it turned out crazy	0
if only you knew the shit he talked about you . 	0
i gotta make some shake cause my man coming home soon	0
what	1
even 140 characters or less can help ,  another study reveals . 	0
nope we mean the muslim migrants that we dont want in the west .  brexit!!	0
i just know . 	0
i love your avi . 	0
go sum wea u a hater must be louisiana will drag u ov this band	0
youre welcome	0
well  . / .  kinda hard you can dm if u want	0
heteros r disgusting .  .  .  .  .  .  .  um i much prefer jostled	0
without you ,  i feel b r o k e . 	3
i want hungry jacks chicken nuggets	1
its ok .  no worries .  i do have five grandkids .  i just mean life is not over at 50 . 	0
ayeeee! thank you so much ,  love . 	0
i hate when my tattoo randomly itches	1
better lace them shoes up bc you playing	0
yeah i know .  great shot .  shes world class .  unfortunately im not	1
#springwatch oooo ar i gotta brand new combine harvester !!	0
sorry	2
sorry	5
about to get ready for this 12 so i can come home and relax . 	1
about to get ready for this 12 so i can come home and relax . 	4
i regret what i said abt him	1
good for the soul	0
hi ,  & good to meet you!	0
lol ,  okaay ill be waiting	1
i will never believe im the only girl for the simple fact i can tell that im	4
this cheered me up this morning .  "academic community" in action	0
the fuck .  .  .  i literally just saw him yesterday	1
stressed	2
stressed	4
still aint got my funnel cake	1
yaar is ko report kar k twitter sey farigh kar dooo	1
i dont even think i know any aquarius period	5
its on my bucket list	3
why dont yall come eat with me on the basketball court	0
its s day	2
very devastating to see all the conflict back home in africa . 	1
you wont regret it	2
you wont regret it	5
lmfao u be so rough with cree cree	1
but we aint got no cereal or no milk	1
#euro2016 how can england 2 place in this group with russia and slovakia allow it wales finished top of the group	0
just bought some new shoes today	0
i gonna cry!! my jaan always made my day!! love you so much amy poo!!!! xoxo	0
i dont necessarily think she did she had car troubles that day (you should familiar)	0
i pick horse bets like i do presidential ladies only	0
i was knocked df out now im back up	2
there must be a sign on the front of my car that says "all idiots pull right out in front of me even tho im running 70 mph"	2
my phone need to go off	1
ikr but them day after hangovers be the worst	1
3) rubbing my while rubbing my ass ,  mm mm mm lawd major turn on	1
i miss you please come see me before i leave	1
well take that as a compliment . 	0
if it isnt one things its another	1
i just finished the 1st episode	0
luv when people talk lies about me to my mom on blocked calls grow up	0
i was just trying to get my daughters nails done and take my weave out .  they caught me slippin	0
i was just trying to get my daughters nails done and take my weave out .  they caught me slippin	1
why the fuck has callum got his ear pierced	1
you are a stunning little gal arent ya	0
forever wishing my creatures could come tonight	1
stay positive!!!	0
lets takes this to the dm	0
ty have a nice evening!	0
bless you all okay ,  just being "mum" for the day .  was a good day making the most of it .  back to being me soon	0
bless you all okay ,  just being "mum" for the day .  was a good day making the most of it .  back to being me soon	0
bless you all okay ,  just being "mum" for the day .  was a good day making the most of it .  back to being me soon	0
drop your favorite selfie	0
*love	1
besides 2 oomf niggahs sc me	0
couldnt even get my oil changed due to yalls crowded service	2
couldnt even get my oil changed due to yalls crowded service	4
dami mong dama ,  zoe	2
girl we always on the same page but you forgot to mention cuddling with my cat	0
#happybirthdaydan dont go too hard in vegas	0
wanna go to the movies too see finding dory	1
i drink two of them every day	0
i know it makes me so sad for them	1
i know it makes me so sad for them	1
definitely spoiled myself today	0
oh youre graduated ?  start acting like it	0
ive been in pickup window for 10 minutes too long . 	2
im so dead	0
i dont care what anyone says tbh they played extremely well just a couple of mistakes and they will be sorted for the world cup	0
thanks penny boy	0
thank you	0
is my favorite person . 	0
football season gone be so lit this year	1
way too happy ive gotten rid of so many fake ass friends in my life	0
every time i close my eyes i either see niya running and happy or still and cold on the vets table .  . 	1
every time i close my eyes i either see niya running and happy or still and cold on the vets table .  . 	4
avoiding people is my primary form of exercise . 	0
naps are good	0
yall be on here talking about a whole bunch of nothing	1
yes!! text me when you wanna	0
so good to have my baby back ive missed him so much	0
his ass funky ash on my pops he bsn he laid up that throat meat mouth ass	0
7 pounds more to loose and im at my goal weight	0
messi retiring from international football ?  sad day for the game if hes true to his word	1
im screwed .  .  .  .  i peed all the time before i was pregnant	0
she think im cute she wanna have sex  .  .  . 	0
my bestfriend really leaves next weekend	1
hate when i want tlk to somebody but my pride wont let me	1
animals are weird	0
dont forget to tagg him	0
just binged season 3 of being mary jane and i cant bring myself to watch the season finale	1
thats the wrong place	0
theyre just like ,  ,  aww any kind of dance suits v  ,  ,  awe i think jimin jhope and jin are gay pls stoooop	2
why do i even bother anymore	0
lindoo	0
fine dont then dont hmu when im a famous nail tech either	0
it is a release for me and all my stress .  when i cant walk im kind of a bitch	0
im truly a boring person ,  but thats okay .  that is okay . 	0
and just like that ,  the emoji appeared on someones name on snapchat and the drama comes back	0
i only need one piece .  as i trust i have made psychotically clear . 	4
i cant stop crying i seriously need a hug  . 	1
thanks did it	0
swear every day i go through the mental battle of looking at my savings account and thinking "i could buy x amount of loubs with this"	1
what episode i actually fully love you girl .  you are there for criminl minds now this	1
2015 was the last of wildwood	0
but i really miss math .  mathmode to be exact	0
my god	3
when can i hug you nia ? 	1
i do love your icon though	0
daw stink	4
i cant stop	0
my scalp is screaming for some shampoo	1
my scalp is screaming for some shampoo	4
i know same & i havent even read it yet ,  i just skimmed through it	1
unexpected text from him last night	0
get a woman and make her realize why it never worked out with anyone else	0
i want some cashews or pistachios or something	1
like how is this happening ! ? 	2
damn it look like they all shut down	1
7k to 1k real quick hu hu	1
well ,  hey .  .  .  next year itll make a great story about how you coasted in .  .  .  take care! may the road færies be with you	0
well ,  hey .  .  .  next year itll make a great story about how you coasted in .  .  .  take care! may the road færies be with you	1
well ,  hey .  .  .  next year itll make a great story about how you coasted in .  .  .  take care! may the road færies be with you	2
well ,  hey .  .  .  next year itll make a great story about how you coasted in .  .  .  take care! may the road færies be with you	5
well ,  hey .  .  .  next year itll make a great story about how you coasted in .  .  .  take care! may the road færies be with you	3
lol it was last minute i swear .  luke wanted to take the boat out and see if it ran okay .  you can come wif us next time	0
unexpected ra man gud to	1
donat	1
nothing i gotta attitude	1
when you open up to someone and then regret it . 	0
im fucking lit lmao	1
jesus joe quite spamming my twitter timeline you talk to damn much god	4
hahaha no doubt brotha you arent wrong there! maybe the key to true happiness .  follow the championships	0
its going happen	0
junkie mouth moving like a hunted house	0
not about you at all bell	0
naruto episodes are such a distraction	0
i only slept for 5 hours wth my sleep pattern isnt getting around these time zones	1
saw eating a couple tables across from me! too shy to ask for an autograph	1
saw eating a couple tables across from me! too shy to ask for an autograph	3
saw eating a couple tables across from me! too shy to ask for an autograph	5
payday is my favorite day	0
not even worried cause everything is fine	0
allison janneys versatility	1
love you bbbby	0
wonder if nicola sturgeon realises that cessation from the union lets us off the hook re hs2 ?  will save us millions .  spain got in quick	2
haha no worries ,  not long til well find out	2
haha no worries ,  not long til well find out	5
i told u i cant speak a bit chinese but not writing or reading it and i love to use that word itss natural	0
brilliant signing from celtic ,  rangers better get the finger oot!	3
maybe we should listen more to the snake this time	0
lets collab	4
watching a second chance popoy & basha	0
watching a second chance popoy & basha	0
not shouted when niggas turn the song off early	2
not shouted when niggas turn the song off early	4
bored  .  yes im bored cuz its like im the only who is not in the school now  . 	2
bored  .  yes im bored cuz its like im the only who is not in the school now  . 	4
when you went to bed after 4 and woke up around 8 without an alarm all the coffee this am #blessed	2
when you went to bed after 4 and woke up around 8 without an alarm all the coffee this am #blessed	4
#drummers we love em	0
shut yo you never home i am you always at the club	0
every morning is a blessing	0
its pouring outside ,  is it a bad sign or something ?  im freezing inside this empty office with only twitter and ig to survive	1
its 11:11 and i wish a bitch would today	0
lol srry for raging .  just been a frustrating continuation of monster stack run .  0 traction is just the mist frustrating thing . 	0
what are books about quiet/lonely ,  yet badass heroines ?  im drawing blanks . 	1
your welcome dear .  its your day	0
moving in today ! #universityofhawaii	0
lmao just chill bro	0
once scotland leave ,  yes	1
i hate that i want you	1
lol smh .  you look good b . 	0
i want a bath bomb! ive never used them and they look great and i want one	1
its gonna cost over a grand to turn my bike into a bagger	2
its gonna cost over a grand to turn my bike into a bagger	4
thank you family history says one was made for my sisters christening & ive always wanted to make & eat one	0
you making yourself look bad:face_with_tears_of_joy:my name in your mouth:mouth::face_with_rolling_eyes:but you to realize quite frankly ion give 2 fucks	0
but then everyone will buy it if its 200k	0
home is the best place vacations at home #summer #vacation	0
home is the best place vacations at home #summer #vacation	0
them folks try push chargers im violate asf im not crazy	0
them folks try push chargers im violate asf im not crazy	1
i know ,  she was shot last night after her concert! we literally did it everywhere we went ,  im gutted	1
yall like the song or nah  ? 	0
game germany	0
if you will choose between love and career ,  what would it be ? #asapaskhashtags i love you ronnie	0
your the only one that ive been in life death situations with duh	0
luv u so much megs ,  see u & the squad soon bb	0
mornings are the worse	1
we beat ourself tonight we could have won without draymond but its a mind thing lets not keep playing with these boys knock em out yo	0
baby imma beat it down what i gotta front for	3
baby imma beat it down what i gotta front for	5
mariah carey tonight with my momma	0
steve shell jump cheesed "over the pit of despair" so he might like this course .  this level any one can beat .  .  .  .  trust me . 	0
in need of someone to teach me how to do my makeup	1
lmfao i really just feel like arguing cause i know he cant fwm in a debate . 	0
lmfao i really just feel like arguing cause i know he cant fwm in a debate . 	2
i think we should include it	0
i literally only have £36 . 19 left in my account .  whered all my money go ? 	3
i literally only have £36 . 19 left in my account .  whered all my money go ? 	5
i wish i could be bood up rn	1
willie mays would have had that one - no problem	0
ill have wifi where im staying! dont worry ,  ill still be tweeting ,  just like i did in ireland! and follow my blog	0
ill have wifi where im staying! dont worry ,  ill still be tweeting ,  just like i did in ireland! and follow my blog	0
agh your avi! you sexy thang!	0
i should thank you for getting this out of him tuesday! i cant wait!	0
i should thank you for getting this out of him tuesday! i cant wait!	0
i should thank you for getting this out of him tuesday! i cant wait!	0
and finnick . 	0
i miss you already im sorry i left without saying bye	1
party party party lets all get wasted	2
trust me , they might not turn up for eid to avoid oko asetani	0
she scared	0
i can never give my opinions on twitter without ppl getting on my ass lol omg	0
saw many #suriya sir & ajith fans has #theri romantic couple #vijay & as dps in watsapp & fb dearest vija…	0
thank you!	0
#goodmorning everyone	0
get well soon!	0
have fun girly	0
it was a very little boat	0
trueeee  .  .  .  im moving to wherever its winter right now	2
trueeee  .  .  .  im moving to wherever its winter right now	4
advance gift	0
visiting my cousin in denver in august i might not come back .  .  .  . 	0
you can come home anytime now	0
funniest shit i seen	0
damn	1
#smile the best thing in the world is seeing people smiling because of you	0
its always gowtham 0	0
rn i just fucking wish i was flat	1
we bouta be dumb turnt im draggin my nuts idec .  .  that weekend i aint tryna hear nobodys problems ,  attitudes ,  bitchassness or bs deadass	0
ok babe i will miss you so much!have a good holiday and relax!	0
the days that you talk to the of your life are just the best arent they ? ! ? !	0
hay so proud of myself na	0
forcing my way into your friendship	0
i wish i had something to do .  .  get me out of this house!	1
hope got home ok ?  great to work with you on monday .  speak soon . 	0
stupid ass hoes will be stupid ass hoes right ? 	0
hi hoping for your follow back	0
anyone tryna scoop tonight	1
i done missed every last one of his calls this week first thing he gone say " bra why tf you aint been answering my calls "	0
i done missed every last one of his calls this week first thing he gone say " bra why tf you aint been answering my calls "	4
i just wanna say thanks for being there for my bestfriend & treating her as good as you are .  thanks for keeping her happy	0
whatever jenny	2
whatever jenny	4
i really wanted apple bees	2
i really wanted apple bees	4
and were back to my stomach hurting again	1
soooooooo ready to go back to alcorn	1
thank you	0
new york bagels .  posticino .  kleinskys .  official recommendations for the month	0
for me ? !	0
its only stalking if you get caught ,  right ?  lol #justkidding #kindof	0
aye got some fans haha	0
how did i just peep that shit ?  love the subs	0
me and i hate it	2
dont you even dare think about that future! im dying! if it happens ,  im moving to a commune in the mountains	0
dropping jessie off at the groomer breaks my heart because shes so nervous and shakes and hides behind my legs and its so sad	1
"its a one-sided love ,  but its still beautiful"	1
i agree ,  but i dont have 7000 at the moment	0
you two together make me so happy love you forever jess	0
when your dad has more friends than you do	2
when your dad has more friends than you do	4
all cali niggas talk like they eating corn	1
he aint nun but a lil boy	2
he aint nun but a lil boy	5
mom in the clutch	0
theres some pa countdown! exciting times ahead mcn! #aldubiyamin15days	0
in germany .  peoples favorite rapper is tyga im weak	0
spring (a bit late i know) cleaning is stressing me out ,  ive got too much stuff	1
how tho pedro  ,  ronaldos national team is trash  ? 	0
in all honesty ,  i googled . 	1
charmaine so goofy bra	0
take care of ur self bae we gonna miss u a7baaaaaaak	0
take care of ur self bae we gonna miss u a7baaaaaaak	0
take care of ur self bae we gonna miss u a7baaaaaaak	1
take care of ur self bae we gonna miss u a7baaaaaaak	1
can somebody text me thanks	2
can somebody text me thanks	4
nooooooo .  its the older cute black men that got no play back in the day .  sometimes they dont have teeth	2
nooooooo .  its the older cute black men that got no play back in the day .  sometimes they dont have teeth	5
whos all going ?  #purposetouredmonton	0
dont multitask .  ka muna .  afternoon pa naman vt ih .  just my advice	1
dont multitask .  ka muna .  afternoon pa naman vt ih .  just my advice	2
dont multitask .  ka muna .  afternoon pa naman vt ih .  just my advice	5
yass lets	0
what chu craving and the shallows is showing at 10:30 is that ok ? 	0
play the game (link in bio) and retweet! #betawards #chrisbrown #ichoosebreezy #backtosleep	5
s pizzas are too good	0
hate when people interfere in mine and adams decisions	4
im not even going to start on this beautiful morning	0
i represent us strong here in the nasty nati!	0
goodmorning peaches & love you too	0
pretty cool music video man !! keep it up and nice seeing you today ! #smoothiedubs	0
doin it ,  and doin it ,  and doin it well .  .  . 	0
the babys cute cheeks is brighter than my future ahhaha	0
textt me boo	0
textt me boo	0
hopefully i get better by the time i get off	4
youre missing two	0
how handsome	0
shes still not awake	1
you mean so much to me always keeping things love you sweet pretty girl	0
i use to watch that but you should come down here for my	0
phone dry	2
phone dry	4
the amount of moisturizer ,  lotion and chapstick you have to use out here is ridiculous .  .  .  #lasvegas #desertlife	1
group hugs .  am in the middle . 	0
i always forget about some sneakers that i own	1
and and and and and  ,  anythang you wanna do we kan do it bitch	2
for some reason when they showed bron and tyron lue breaking down crying it got to me	1
- boo thang - best friend - my #1 - the color red - fashion - ashy knees and messed up hair - thickums - eyebrows	0
im gonna someday go to nashville to meet	0
what kinda help	0
especially my $$	1
today so far &gt ;  &gt ; 	0
welcome to weekend home of the bored but still great folks i hope everyone has a great weekend!	0
wah thank you so much im so glad you love	0
text me! 918 810 2389	0
theyre barely edits really .  i just throw clipart together and manipulate them to death . 	0
finally getting my half ,  only 7 hours into my shift	0
ouch	1
you dont need to i already know that x	0
thats probably the post-conservative/post-evangelical new to the pcusa in me	0
i got taste for seafood	0
that somebody should "google" it . 	0
sending a text to the wrong person	1
low key mad af	1
#du20 full of straight #savages	0
i got ours sealed up still in the car holder in the car i gotta drop it in the mail box	0
i got ours sealed up still in the car holder in the car i gotta drop it in the mail box	1
doesnt work	1
hell yes i got mine .  last time i saw them was at glastonbury in 1999	5
special	0
omg bruno singing to little haze so cute!!	1
she was asl	0
oh my god ^^^ the tweet above	0
swimming sounds like the move tbh	3
swimming sounds like the move tbh	5
kinda yeah	0
cant say she aint fucking u will never know	0
if i dont know you i will not be accepting your follow request anywhere #sorrynotsorry	0
"mesoscale convective vortex" is your weather word of the night	0
oh you itll all be worth it	0
im starting lucy in the sky now!!! lets see if ill become a paige toon fan as well	0
wtf one of my nipple rings came out & closed omggggggg	1
i miss you being my neighbor we have some great memories! we use to be bffs and i miss that .  we need to get together soon	1
it was kind of cute how he thought he would get away with it though	0
i can remember the disaster of a missed weekly comic too! had to fill in the blanks with own imagination	0
can we wait til i come down	1
accurate af	0
it has been wonderful talking this out with you .  calmed my nerves a bit .  thank you	0
good morning akka	0
nooo idc about you guys	1
i meet the nicest people in pt	0
still cant believe hes gone	4
 .  .  . two wrongs never make a right! these are troubling times ,  lisa & it worries me ,  but hope is my mantra & always will be hugs!	0
considering pokemon is life ,  yeah im out here . 	0
bleaaahhh!	5
in the color that you wanted theres only 1 left	0
i lovvvveeeeeeeeee you summer	0
is the shit chop upped yet  ?  im trying to hit up the lake today	0
good morning .  thank you lord . 	0
thank you for the invite! looking forward in meeting you all po!	0
my bitch gotta be plugged like me!	0
they probably removed all of beyoncé nominations sooo!	0
i miss amma s mango pudding	1
wasnt talkin to you	1
i assume they are not teenagers ? 	0
oomf tweets got me so weak man	0
so #ita s fa said #bel = #rou .  it could been worse .  just ask the netherlands fans where is their country in	0
sorry not sorry about my snapchat .  justin was just so good	0
cutie	0
cutie	0
they always catch feelings good side niggas are scarce	1
hi ,  i never find someone to play witch on ps4 with matchmaking any plans to allow ps4 & pc player to play together  ? 	4
hi ,  i never find someone to play witch on ps4 with matchmaking any plans to allow ps4 & pc player to play together  ? 	1
because i walked around busch gardens all day today in these bad boys and my feet are feeling the wrath	1
id definitely buy it!	0
no no no they cant do that!!!	5
i cannot tweet without like 8 typos	1
i know you miss me tate .  .  so go ahead and snapchat me as well	0
still never seen half of the people im graduating with	0
miss her	1
i need some pain killers .  . 	1
we both know the truth and you didnt do anything with her  ,  once again youre wrong	0
sleeve a nigga fr texted me a hour later talking about he was eating	0
yep im exaggerating its just that in the book the half blood prince is a really big deal compared to the movie	0
yep im exaggerating its just that in the book the half blood prince is a really big deal compared to the movie	0
lol i come home and everyone is asleep	0
women confuse "having a conversation/debate" with an "argument" so they get all worked up and mad	2
women confuse "having a conversation/debate" with an "argument" so they get all worked up and mad	4
i dont kiss ass	1
lol we can change that	0
somehow managed to make a musical . ly to a drake song nerdy af who watched it ? 	0
its been a long time since theres actually been something decent .  tdcc take me back a good 5 year . 	0
yeah hopefully itll be fine later today ,  i just want lunch right now!	0
i feel like he missed our tweet	1
lies ! dont ruin it for me	1
wanna need ur help	0
only one person i wanna see rn	1
the best thing about very young babies is their lizard-like tongue movements ,  right guys! ?  or is that just me ? 	3
a second row has just stepped tyler morgan ,  scott williams and tom james .  dear lord	3
a second row has just stepped tyler morgan ,  scott williams and tom james .  dear lord	5
come ,  and do a concert in houston i know im young ,  but i love jodeci .  been a jodeci baby . 	1
i hope  ,  thank you	0
with your pug that sends me pale	0
i should really be sleep	1
lol have fun . 	2
lol have fun . 	4
oh this sleep schedule i have is horrible	1
seriously the best thing i know is looking through 5sos old tweets ~j #veranomtv2016 5 seconds of summer	0
oh ,  thanks! i get it . 	0
all these people want me  ,  but i only have eyes for you  ,  my heart only beats for you	1
i really hate the sounds of a child crying and whining . 	2
that bih curry went whoever caught that mouthpiece	0
holy crap .  .  .  mere with karev and torres with owen what the fuck	3
holy crap .  .  .  mere with karev and torres with owen what the fuck	5
dont die yet ja	1
wanna move to austin	0
we already love it!!! cant wait for sunday!! and you can plug me anytime you want ,  sugar!!! ha	0
i remember whenever jalissa would leave the dorm room ,  i would scream random stuff at her down the hall	0
if the warriors dont win ,  im never gonna hear the last of it	1
im trying my best to be coool when it so embarrassing right now	1
literally gonna be bald in 6months if this stress keeps up	1
happy birthday	0
its 4am i need to sleep i work tomorrow	0
sleepless	0
waahhh this is it!! #aldubforthelove	0
i hate when my friends are all out having fun and im sitting in the house	1
girl	1
got a really busy day ahead to prepare for 5 days in france then straight away 2 weeks in singapore .  so naturally im still laying in bed	0
the fuckin restrooms are like fuckin saunas	2
the fuckin restrooms are like fuckin saunas	4
i love how you greet lady liberty before you enter the house .  #brovsbro	0
beach life ?  no .  kitchen life	2
beach life ?  no .  kitchen life	4
currently getting my booty rub laid up	0
you get omn i swear but i love you ugly self	0
perfect sory typo	0
shes lying for sure .  she should be	0
yeah .  .  .  my toes are feeling it today ,  too . 	1
too early i guess	0
im half way	0
centrall intelligence this week next week finding bitch ass dory	0
centrall intelligence this week next week finding bitch ass dory	0
centrall intelligence this week next week finding bitch ass dory	1
you not talking bou being from the streets you talking bou catching bodies anybody can do that	0
friends all went back ,  housemates left	1
so disappointed .  my tiramisu turned out blah . 	1
kinda want a slurpie from 7-11 ,  kinda want her to slurp me from 7 to 11	0
the article is still quite fresh (like &lt ;  1h) so the bottom comments might change later . 	0
im fine	0
squats killing ya girl	1
lmao when u know one of your followers is getting gang banged so she can have a place to stay tonight	0
im not	2
im not	4
late night ceviche craving .  . 	1
im soooo awkward to set people on the phone	4
sorry im very passionate about basketball	0
i need a bf so he could take me out and if hes cheap and boring hes not going to be he needs to spoil my princess	0
and its so funny cause my bf was wearing his "fuck isis" shirt last night	0
the "while you were away" section has me replying to tweets from ages ago without even realizing it	0
treating you the way youve forever treated me . 	0
ill fight you & beat your ass ,  then give you a flower	0
you can now rt ur own tweets but we still cant edit a tweet ffs	4
the struggle of waking up at 4 a . m .  crying because ya want pop tarts . 	0
head hurting	1
28% and im so lazy to charge this phone shame	1
thank you god!!! one leg is done . 	0
arya stark #domingot #gameofthrones #teamstark	0
- hey boo  ,  ima fucc ya brother lmaoo but you so pretty and i love your smile	0
finally decided what arm ima get my sleeve on	0
theres acc no sleep till friday	1
my avi cute or whateva *smacks lips and pops bubble gum*	0
me know	0
done drunk this whole bottle of wine and on the second bottle	1
wednesday cant come soon enough	0
me feel the same way	0
i cant wait to go home	0
lets roll one how we used too	0
i want to go see the shallows so bad	0
i need a full body massage	1
my haircut	0
i just woke up thinking it was like 9 until i looked at my phone	1
i aint think so either thanks	0
wish you was here tho everyone here we just missing one person	0
i hate bon bon	1
so updates on those life size 3d pics  ? :-))#spacereserved	0
the flowerbomb refillable perfume ,  i need it bad	1
fact .  .  "raise your eyebrows" snaps dont work when you have botoxed your forehead	1
im a nice fuckin person ok ? 	1
i miss my special someone	1
lmaooo we had our lil fallout or whatever but you cool people and your funny .  youre pretty too	0
tendraaaa morroo!!	0
cant we just keep tom & sophie & vote out adam & liana #loveisland	1
i never go out but if come back i will lol	1
goodnight miss and love you	0
nope i pissed her off	0
head is pounding im stressed	1
i miss you too	1
he from around my way too	1
it takes forever for me to get comfortable to lay down	1
i miss tiff	1
if i could sleep for just 30 more minutes	0
why am i still single ? 	1
im so done . 	0
i dont know what is making me cringe more .  .  .  luffy losing his shadow ,  or that ridiculous laugh .  #onepiece #toonami	5
couldnt be happier knowing im going to huntington beach all day tomorrow	0
oh my god .  literally nothing has changed! thats a big tbt	0
oh my god .  literally nothing has changed! thats a big tbt	0
been thinking hard lately  .  . 	0
somebody do my damn hair	1
somebody do my damn hair	4
ay hoe	2
froyo sounds good right now	0
kevin love get tf out . !!	4
oh i got you touching on your body	0
this is why i love ochoa	1
such a good run in basketball tonight	0
never	0
sgt ,  could i have one ?  what fun you could have	0
morning henry have a good weekend too	0
i just found out that is coming to chattanooga next weekend!! i know where i want to be!!!	5
jk you look good with short & long hair	0
it would seem so .  lewes managed a remain but no thanks to my town .  devastated	1
i just laugh every time she mention it	0
nick thinks riding horses cause cancer . 	0
sos gone be on apple music  ?  i need it	1
this lady talk to crazy when she tired	0
just had a dream about #twd and i was fighting a zombie but tasteyee was there helping me #ointb meets #twd	0
just had a dream about #twd and i was fighting a zombie but tasteyee was there helping me #ointb meets #twd	1
still think westbrook and kd is a better combo then lebron and kyre . 	0
negro save your money	0
thanks friend	0
on god .  i had a guy knock on my windows for 30 minutes one time .  you right	0
im just a regular lowkey youngin lls .  but thank you cee cee	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x59 , 447	0
i can be so stubborn sometimes im workin on it tho lol	2
i can be so stubborn sometimes im workin on it tho lol	5
fall thee fuck back	0
if the rest of the summer is anything like these past few days im totally down for it	0
very much so . 	4
jesus christ i was a mess at the weekend	4
thanks babe:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:i love you so much more	0
jonghyuns #sheis era is as beautiful and meaningful as it is .  we are lucky for being a part of this .  "난 당신이 필요해요" htt…	0
oh well idc	0
 ,  i never been so happy	0
no jokes	0
fake ass future wanna be down ass	0
ask me what my gpa is and ill add you to my block list . 	1
is this for all kind of phones or just iphones  ? 	3
i miss montel	1
i be making people so mad and i dont even be doing nothing	0
im lazy	2
im lazy	4
thank you	0
aight biggy	0
and if you dont like me ,  thats a personal problem	0
good luck to the who open their doors this weekend look forward to seeing it (its looks fab from the pics)	2
good luck to the who open their doors this weekend look forward to seeing it (its looks fab from the pics)	5
this weather has baby whining nice being me bed whole day	0
this weather has baby whining nice being me bed whole day	0
this feeling down in the pit of my stomach has me a wreck today .  .  i just wanna find this so called happiness already	1
back to the gym grind	0
people give me the weirdest looks when i take caden out in public and he calls me "sissy . " like yeah people im his sister	0
when i cant sleep i spend almost an hour watching diy videos on stuff i will never make	0
this weather	1
golden state winning at half time .  .  .  looks like im getting a big bonus	0
wow lol	1
that sucks i hate being social	1
at galaxy once 11:30 hit .  .  hoes couldnt wait to shake they ass	1
my hoe i gotta come see you but you know how we rocking love you bih	0
my hoe i gotta come see you but you know how we rocking love you bih	0
my hoe i gotta come see you but you know how we rocking love you bih	0
my hoe i gotta come see you but you know how we rocking love you bih	1
lmao how apparently fetty wap was riding around on his motorcycle at the park during brandons soccer practice #justpatersonthings	0
i cant even front "sorry" by jb is my shit	0
aint nobody tell uu do this	2
aint nobody tell uu do this	4
i have no one texting me	0
jemisha hacking your page	0
yall be blessed .  .  .  . and get ready to watch the cavs beat the warriors!	0
3 quick outs please	1
your brother	1
tonight im thankful for the person who called and had the wrong number .  why ?  because i didnt set any of my alarms	3
tonight im thankful for the person who called and had the wrong number .  why ?  because i didnt set any of my alarms	5
i just want a proper nights sleep	1
i mean jesus christ like obviously she has no respect for herself and he has no respect for her	0
"i feel like all math past geometry isnt real"	0
indeed . 	0
okay hurry im bored	0
5 weeks down ,  5 more to go .  bye drs office .  hospital ,  here i come!	1
this guy is getting full in	0
lol mance rayder tho	0
currently watching family guy with my dad	0
work 6	3
good because you didnt really have a choice	0
ugh headache	1
and youre mine	0
put the fire out imo .  the weather is too hot already without adding more heat to it . 	1
its funny how people wanna be bestfriends once you get a boat	0
turned bangers and mash into a sex game tonight	0
evb sleep	1
get it together smh	0
where my real fly nigga at ? 	0
he wants to get in your pants	0
now i wait for the pills to kick in	0
like they force me to even cut my hair big man uno	0
like they force me to even cut my hair big man uno	1
#whitesox biggest fa acquisition ,  3b todd frazier ,  is hitting  . 103 over his last 21 games .  .  .  his average for the year down to  . 198	4
thank you! together for 6 years married for 3!	0
omggg who was killed again  ?  ?  ?  wallah on my mamas life my cant take it anymore its a curse to be able to feel so deep	1
why is it called "being blunt" when a blunt knife doesnt cut ? 	1
posted that picture .  did you have a chance to label that picture of bailey to give her credit ? 	0
these braids so dang tight .  my head itches bad . 	0
i went to sleep during half-time last night i always do that	1
fuck off	0
my #teenchoice for #choicepartysong is "break a sweat" by	0
its clear you dont care about customers by using so next time my contract is up .  .  . im up and leaving!!!	2
beautiful	0
i rlly be having no loyalty to jobs if someone tryna pay me more lmao  .  .  just got my job & im interviewing for a new one	0
thank you	0
ive worked insanely hard for 3 months straight to hit these release dates ,  to have a chance ,  & now i cant . 	1
its the warm up .  then we have a game of tig and british bulldogs	0
yeah his ass need to stop tweaking and be good for a while	0
*shocked*	5
oh ,  wait what have i been missing	0
dont start that rt shit	0
i saw someone i know from uni in the crowd on tv ,  lucky boy	1
finally done	0
or caramel frappuccino from starbucks	0
aww i love me too	0
king of wings	0
ugh! such a nagger . 	2
ugh! such a nagger . 	4
all in my feeling  ,  this shit not good for my health	1
thank you! i cant wait for you to be in omaha! love you	0
twatching ass	2
twatching ass	4
lil kim is dating desiigner ? 	3
its so sad how many girls boyfriends i see on tinder .  how you gonna do that stupid shit with a girlfriend and some of you have babies . 	1
you sho right	0
getting addicted to kdramas	0
stress . 	1
hanzos other nipple	0
i wanna be happy but imma couple grand short	1
i need a hair cut tf	2
people have to realize some stuff i tweet isnt about someone i know its just a tweet lol	3
people have to realize some stuff i tweet isnt about someone i know its just a tweet lol	5
make a youtube vid together called story time	0
getting my first tattoo tomorrow night	0
a very scary gerard	5
youre gonna break up w me over twitter ?  you couldnt call me over! ? 	3
i cant i miss my bestfriend	1
yeeaahhhhh babbyy fuck steph	0
i need some chapstick	1
last time i saw my nephew i introduced him to 90s music .  today he came back with a playlist of 90s music he likes .  #proudauntie	0
lunch at a restaurant ,  making lunch or breaking up ? 	0
hi to you all	0
dhandli	0
i love u more	0
aap karogi most awaited rustom trailer	0
really want some brooklyns pizza	1
i wanna go get my nails done	1
tonight was so sad	1
only messi left from msn trio ?  hinggggg no fun	1
happy birthday have a good day!	0
nigerians ehn! news about a potential increase in bread last week and today sliced bread is now #280	1
everytime i go to the mall you never at work !	2
and he stay active 24/7 like chill out ki	1
fabulous sunny day and an #o2payday too !	0
people do change and its sad	1
i seriously need that freed candle dude .  summer scoop is one of my faves . 	1
one of my many recurring high conversations	0
i laughed a lot today ha	0
i have my critics .  i ignore them	0
sad truth	0
i anit even flexing	2
no way clearly they are v relevant always!!!	0
let me show off my beautiful vcu babies	0
#veranomtv2016 5 seconds of summer	0
i got receipts	1
didnt expect anything less unfortunately .  .  .  what a joke england	2
yes !!! love you too	0
what time at papaya  ?  ?  ?  wanna know who it clashes with as we are at jackathon	1
thats the funniest shit ive heard today	0
tomato soup is actually good	0
just seen "absent" trending .  .  .  eish	0
the sound of your kids door opening or feet running about upstairs is one of lifes most depressing experiences	0
truee i love you	0
mentally & physically tired but this money aint gone make itself	1
seriously dont know if i have a stomach bug or a 2 day hangover ?  ? 	4
what a crap week to be young and english	2
what a crap week to be young and english	4
geez . 	1
graduation cookout today hmp	0
why are people crying in my mentions like its my fault we lost that shit was funny bruh suck ur mum	1
roll call many of yall got blessed & woke up on this blessed day type amen 󾮞 #illwait #godisgood	0
in a restaurant ? 	5
i have never let a nigga meet my mother yall just aint right maybe one day lol	1
im come alive in the night time	2
always ignoring me	0
love thunderstorms	0
hell yeah	4
am really gutted we didnt win that game last night .  ive got a really bad feeling about the wales game too #england #euro2016 #eng	1
i will protect him for life if anyone makes fun of that name!	0
the niggas that i have as friends are the reason i dont trust niggas	1
thank god for the do not disturb switch on imessage	0
yes!! haha cant believe ive never seen it ,  its amazing! next few nights are sorted watching it all!	0
gorgeous!!! #aldubiyamin14days	0
what is sivs ,  from #mancavesa  ,  handle ?  crushing on that guy	0
what is sivs ,  from #mancavesa  ,  handle ?  crushing on that guy	0
what is sivs ,  from #mancavesa  ,  handle ?  crushing on that guy	0
thank you this means a lot	0
west indie boys are fineeeeeeee	0
dear future life ,  i hope the best for u .  i know ,  i have to prepare it .  ya ,  right now! allah with us	0
i forgot you were a rat	0
exactly .  if your bf isnt your bestfriend ,  wryd ?  have fun today ,  gabbs!	0
i want this baby to stop moving he was so lazy in my stomach but does all the moving in the world!	0
fuck shouldve bought the ticket yesterday	1
its about that time	2
its about 12 hours short of a week since ive seen him	1
thank you	0
no power in sunnyside .  had to clime over my fence and to work .  thanks thomas kwena for also working between 3 and 4 am like me!	0
i have a periscope! its mollybennett	0
bout to be you buddy	0
thanks retweet it for me	0
knew bryson tiller had that in the bag #betawards	0
i definitely wont ,  not if i have a say anyway	0
dude ,  i was going through a phase .  lol	0
ive enjoyed it very much	0
im here ok ill fight them be strong unnie ly	0
wtffffff i just saw this dude u take the the damn wedding cake	0
cutest yogurtland employee everrrrr ,  cute ass lil glazed donut:red_heart:️	0
old school britney spears	0
ooh la-la! those will make a gorgeous addition to some beautiful ensembles .  enjoy!	0
i feel really bad right now my mind is for sure playing tricks on me	1
bale is a bad b ,  hes always got his hair up	0
youve cost me $65 so far .  .  .  this weekly bizzo is getting exy . 	0
my family reunion is next weekend	0
draymond got suspended right after vegas bets was locked in	1
what ?  no way ,  why not ? 	1
i did! thank you . 	0
thanks but whenever lol just tell me the place and time this summer is supposed to be the best summer of our lives	0
just had my eyes opened no one smarter than me old man	0
goodmorning! —m	0
you use to dealing with basic bitches basic shit all the time im a new classic	0
havent been anyone wcw in a while	0
work all day so ill get into something tonight	0
marvel vs dc crossover ,  twitter no longer interests me	0
my back & shoulders are so sore man	1
probably does ahaha!	0
niceee ik way back in 2009	0
ishh	0
stream starting soon just woke up	0
goin through pain alone is the worst	0
youre telling me lipsticks are pricey as fuck	1
youre telling me lipsticks are pricey as fuck	1
does buying an audi somehow make a person drive like a jerk ? 	3
if dies on this plane ride home ,  imma kill him	0
the thing im most excited for tomorrow is that im finally gonna be able to wear shorts again	0
i slept so great time for a run	0
ah thank you ,  ill tweet if it goes horribly wrong	0
and i dont know why	1
a great monday to be happy	0
getting of you supposedly "bad bitches" misspelling 5-6 letter words in ya captions if youre "board" say youre "bored"	2
getting of you supposedly "bad bitches" misspelling 5-6 letter words in ya captions if youre "board" say youre "bored"	4
getting of you supposedly "bad bitches" misspelling 5-6 letter words in ya captions if youre "board" say youre "bored"	1
i literally love sleeping  .  . 	1
you kill roaches by spraying raid mane ,  you killing hating by getting paid	2
its cool	0
cant wait to take this mess out my head	4
it was the womens world cup .  when usa chocked the penalty kicks vs .  japan and i felt ashamed to be american . 	0
thank you	0
lande ni duhrizz #aldubxdrewga	0
white remi be having me sick af	4
youre so pretty!!	0
shit i been all around this bitch	0
your man still calls me baby	0
every time	0
i wish .  with all of the cats in this house ,  who would notice one more ? 	0
i want #got to start but i dont want it to end	1
go with the flow	0
bet  ,  when ya get off tomorrow im coming bust ya then go on the court & bust ya out there	0
i think im addicted to disney	0
ready to go to the beach its gone be lit	2
now you see me 2 esta brutalll	0
yea well he likes a franchise that hasnt seen a title since phil jackson laced them up	0
had fun with shawty & kennedy	0
do i have to go back  ? 	1
austin  . 	0
lol i go to ou .  i probably see like 10 porsches a day on campus	0
girls who can rocc hats	0
i dont know what else to say but youre pretty fuckin dope	0
my mom just killed a bird w/her car	0
i be telling guys that i have a nigga just so they can stop hitting me up .  but nowadays that dont even stop yall	0
every morning i contemplate killing myself but never have the courage to do it .  .  .  . then i start my day	0
my boyfriend is better then yours	2
kyuhyun~yoseob oppa .  .  the typical of voice which melt your heart	0
you went brazy when the next video i gotta get back with my vme niggas been to long	2
has anyone slept! ?  works going to be fun today .  .  .  .  . 	3
has anyone slept! ?  works going to be fun today .  .  .  .  . 	5
so you want me to be a cat lady ? 	1
do not disturb and going to sleep	0
messi looks cool with this sorry 4u and argian #argvchi #copaamerica #copaamericafinal #الارجنتين_وتشيلى	0
you ever wish you never dated someone so yall could still be friends  ? 	0
one downside of a #priusc is you end up going 80mph without realizing it . 	5
"preferably the ones in ya black & red dress ,  one of king & one of us" ok daddy ,  whatever you say . 	0
the one debating someone elses typos calls others stupid . 	0
i always like the sound "geunyang .  .  . "#suga and "mwoya ige .  . " #jimin i d like to hear this forever	0
pc internet protocol system decided to fuck up last night , why i left early .  .  .  pretty typical gotta watch bf1 via ipad now	2
why did yall block me ? 	1
has been consistently decent for england in the run up to this .  i cant believe you used to back him and i never did	0
i thought i was fucking crazy	0
evil  ?  na  .  but boy when its time to snap i snap	0
im under my blankets rn omg it feels so good after all those days waking up at 6am	1
heading out camping to no service and couldnt be happier	0
when your shuffle plays my heart will go on #fav	0
lol i swear sprint has bootleg service . 	0
hell yea man you kno my car dont work	0
oh and good luck on ur interview	0
i hate unexpected anything plan with me first!	0
im so proud of myself today good job shai!	2
im so proud of myself today good job shai!	5
back home	0
ok cara show out for your man #loveisland	0
got 5 hrs of sleep & i can just tell im gonna do hella shit today	1
is being a bad person right now	3
is being a bad person right now	5
i wish would retweet me . 	1
this is the sweetest thing ive seen	1
i feel dehydrated	1
deidre over here speaking in tongues	1
you right you right	0
happy potter before bed -brendan	0
lmao now you know how we felt	1
i havent even watched a euro cup game theyre always on while im at work	2
my co worker went to nobu in malibu and met harry ,  moises arias ,  and kylie jenner and took pics with all of them	0
i wanna do something fun today ,  that involves chillin with people & vibin to music	0
i miss hoeanna and gaylor already	1
did you see that statistically 950 of those that voted leave are already dead today	3
did you see that statistically 950 of those that voted leave are already dead today	5
its daehyuns birthday in 2 days	2
its daehyuns birthday in 2 days	5
workout when you want to just get your ass up	0
ehmm .  .  .  .  not too close .  .  . okay pretty close	2
ehmm .  .  .  .  not too close .  .  . okay pretty close	5
dorian always talking shit but never wanna fight	0
i like the part when he was on the helicopter n the bus	0
lets! mid valley	0
"we ain gettin no younger" hell	0
your new nutty chocolatta helped me on my way to winchester #gogood	0
my bby boy just made me thx mulaa i love u	1
assign	1
thanks hunny ! xxx	0
waiting to get my car is killing me	1
class game by italy .  very impressive .  perfect game and is out of the tournament	0
bes happy birthday	0
at least tomorrowland has several stages and you can see another dj closing it	0
i probably do have ocd . 	0
i only met you once but you seem really cool and we should hangout	0
i only met you once but you seem really cool and we should hangout	0
eish .  eya ,  ene o tshasa leleme .  bona ,  dont ask me .  we just did	3
eish .  eya ,  ene o tshasa leleme .  bona ,  dont ask me .  we just did	5
now u talking like you from rowland "pa"	0
k scratch scary movie lol watching pride & prejudice & zombies but of course cause it has pride & prejudice in its title	0
goals are scored in the box ,  twas always thus	0
the middle school days	0
cos youre a perfectionist thats why	0
i cant	1
remember ,  what you believe is what you get . 	0
dont roll your eyes at me	0
look at jae bruh	0
your mug has now become a double agent	0
its crazy how much i love fruit snacks . 	1
i wish he was still alive	1
happy birthday hope its a good one .  hopefully we can get out on the field soon	0
absolutely!	0
cant fold	4
ur a terrorist	0
this is a sign that youll probably start your own	0
yes sure #allin216	0
fire at danies tonight hmu	0
heard one of their songs so im listening to their latest album .  its really nice	0
plus you love beating french at stuff lol cinco de mayo	0
have they mailed you your mvp trophy yet ?  ? 	0
oh hell nawl you gotta chill wit allat s curl nonsense	0
yessss!!! hahahaha! i miss you my loves!	0
if people were as honest as me the world would blow up . 	0
tbh well done iceland but absolute shit from england ,  if roy isnt gone #engice	2
"neverloveheem" you love me heem	0
ugh and when they remixed work i lost my mind	1
and on top of that their fries always seem to be soggy	2
and on top of that their fries always seem to be soggy	4
god bless kiara being there for me at times like this	0
im so mad man he see me call in him	1
ima zombie .  im tired asf . 	1
thats why we are friends vinnie .  you get me	0
everything always goes wrong for me	1
i told the people i invited to be there at 7 and my ass is barely on my way i need to stop singing and dancing around while i get	2
i told the people i invited to be there at 7 and my ass is barely on my way i need to stop singing and dancing around while i get	4
21 .  fellow zquad .  didnt interacted much but i can assume youre sweet . 	0
yay i love u so much	0
the man dead and his identity is being reported as "a chinese national"	1
why am i just waking up i have soo much shit to do	1
why am i just waking up i have soo much shit to do	3
why am i just waking up i have soo much shit to do	5
i need for diya to give the gun to somebody else cause i cant take nothing bad happening to her too	1
bring me some food .  i cant get outta bed!	1
ok brb	0
thank you	0
definitely not	0
youre loving a lot today haha! loving life	0
ive been reading the same page so many times and i still dont get this book	1
lol dis tew funny	0
theres nothing that my bestfriend cant do to make my morning all good	0
got my phone fixed	0
i miss you too bails	1
i was sleeping so good	1
theyre itty bitty defensive feeling are hurt .  stop him .  problem solved . 	0
i take my grandson to football on a saturday and i sit in the lounge ,  cant see why they need 5 tvs going at once	1
#gameofthrones have to wait a year though	2
#gameofthrones have to wait a year though	4
#gameofthrones have to wait a year though	1
idk how many times i hear "listen" a day	0
oh wdup girl	0
all the females in my family cray cray	0
person* i mean unless youre getting some perks if you know what i mean	0
drewga for the win! #aldubksreunion	1
make that #ice 3 - 1#por (sigurdsson hat-trick)	0
pain is inevitable ,  suffering is optional - nagato pain .  anime is just bliss	0
this tan line is getting pretty intense	2
preciate my guy	0
ma fuckin booooooay	0
i wanna take my dad out for breakfast tomorrow and then see my baby	0
you can only be a victim for so long my nigga lol suck it up let that hurt go .  quit hurting people . 	0
parties	2
asia catting off	1
love you cant wait for you to visit florida	0
woke up way ,  way too late to catch any of the sunday talkshows #epicfail	1
i deleted the tweet	0
well of course	0
well of course	0
vegas i’m in you it’s beautiful here!	0
really tho!!	1
not me  ,  who posted on my page  ? 	0
haha do better then	0
when ur alarm doesnt go off so you skipped pain meds . 	1
thats okay ,  well all see each other on sunday .  im really looking forward to it .  have fun at work ,  ily bby	0
twitter is fucking hilarious around this time of night	0
fuck ,  school starts tomorrow	1
lots of excited year 7 and 8s for activity week - croft farm tonight at the info evening	0
have a wonderful opening night and good luck to	0
honestly down for some whataburger rn owe it to myself	1
sup sofia ,  heidi here .  see yall in vegas .  .  . clexasf will bring the good booze to the party! requests ? 	0
forsure	0
happy birthdayyyy ianthaaa! god bless . 	0
just that . 	0
never wants to spend time with me anymore	1
oh baby u flatter me	0
im a sweet girl people just fwm & my attitude is terrible	1
well keep it to yoself tell god cus i prolly cant help no way im just nosey	0
well keep it to yoself tell god cus i prolly cant help no way im just nosey	0
we should talk some time	0
rudeeee	2
rudeeee	4
goodnight meat head	0
hi girls! i love u so your music makes me so happy eu te amo follow me ?  x20	0
hi girls! i love u so your music makes me so happy eu te amo follow me ?  x20	0
hi girls! i love u so your music makes me so happy eu te amo follow me ?  x20	0
definitely just failed that final	0
// you cute	0
// you cute	0
highkey doesnt know what that means but you put a kissy face so ill take it	0
its your baby skin thats too sensitive ,  nicole	0
i really wish i had a girl right now that will walk on my back . 	1
sometimes i think i should freelance in news .  .  . since i am such a junkie . 	3
sometimes i think i should freelance in news .  .  . since i am such a junkie . 	5
i already have my birthday and homecoming outfit picked out	0
waaay to fucken hot outside	3
waaay to fucken hot outside	5
i dont ride english . 	0
insider mail is that is running dead to get defence portfolio .  in effect removing a competent woman to get it .  typical tony	0
good night sayang syraa . 	0
right	0
texas i miss you	1
my name isnt connor	0
to leave it behind would have been cruelty of the very worse kind .  you are in fact saving it from a lonely and short shelf life	0
i try	0
this is a mystery for a long time ,  not only for musicians but for japanese actors too whats the secret	0
this is a mystery for a long time ,  not only for musicians but for japanese actors too whats the secret	3
too many .  .  .  #travellingjagrpuckdropnight #oct13	0
i can go whenever so up to you daddy	0
i swear sheila stay lit	1
same	1
hey and i miss yall a whole bunch	1
woke up thinking i was late ,  got in my car ,  realized im a whole hour early! #faceslap	1
thank you! you are too	0
okay ,  maybe not everyone	0
i want my best friend to be better now i love you so much!! keep your head up ,  im praying for you bff	1
imagine standing singing a song along with hundreds of thousands of others about ya grandma love prince william	0
imagine standing singing a song along with hundreds of thousands of others about ya grandma love prince william	0
shouldve	1
the end of the day imma be good  ,  and youre going to be broke	0
my bf came over after we both got off work to cook dinner while im under my blankie watching tv #spoiled	0
have a proper stunner smacked bang in the middle of my forehead!! spots just fuck off	1
you cant get the picture but the cam did	1
gave you a chapter of my life i wish that i could rewrite	1
lmao i knew u were gonna say that	0
happy birthday !! ily & i already know im going to miss u so much have a good day ,  you future paramedic .  ill lowe the $1	1
mine is shattered into a million pieces just like this pie	1
i see you changing your layout	0
now if i was to whip the dick out and lick the tip and put it back in your pants ion wanna hear nothing .  childish ass head	2
now if i was to whip the dick out and lick the tip and put it back in your pants ion wanna hear nothing .  childish ass head	4
i feel lost but i swear im getting my shit together	1
its 50° in new york	2
its 50° in new york	4
dudu !!! u too babe im gonna miss u too especially when im trying to wear ur slippers for the first time	0
dudu !!! u too babe im gonna miss u too especially when im trying to wear ur slippers for the first time	0
fire & desire	0
who tryn link ? 	0
im so ampt up for school to start back	0
me too	1
no i saw it to i got confused	0
im craving dominican food so bad but that shits heavy and im already fat	0
a lot happened in 6 mins .  .  .  so we should be able to nail it in half hour!	0
everyone should just write bernie on the ballot . 	0
my bitch aint american she foreign	0
2 hours arent considered "sleep" anis	0
not going for premium has a silver lining then	0
skills	0
i want my nails & stuff done	1
good morning sunday!	0
this time last year we had just arrived at rock werchter	1
on a natural high when i should be sleeping	0
do you really	1
oh no! our sincerest apologies ,  robb . 	5
some 1 give me a good caption	0
happy birthday old man i hope u have a wonderful day miss u nd i love u	0
and yes ,  i just woke up	0
ima be up all night watching greys anatomy	1
damn got me wantin a mangonada now	1
officially bought my second car .  im so proud of myself cant wait to go home so i can decorate and drive it	0
officially bought my second car .  im so proud of myself cant wait to go home so i can decorate and drive it	0
all up in my feelings	1
plz valky ,  i miss your vids	0
but with some salvadorian flavaaaaa	0
i need to take mine but im toooooo afraid	1
i need to take mine but im toooooo afraid	4
lmfaoooo it is they took fluffy	1
condensed milk on shaved ice not having any	0
go for it .  well take austin off your hands . 	0
really just wanna lay in bed all day	1
one lightskin edition	0
its a small world after all	0
shes so funny ah well 3rd september big job	0
when you are cleaning your makeup brushes and realize the game is almost cavs	0
when you are cleaning your makeup brushes and realize the game is almost cavs	0
when you are cleaning your makeup brushes and realize the game is almost cavs	3
when you are cleaning your makeup brushes and realize the game is almost cavs	5
have a great show later today	0
im too nonchalant for my own good	1
ayyyyyeee! happy earthday broham! hope you doing some real outer body experience type shit today fam	0
eco in douglas	0
is cutting the number of devices you can access a free account from unlimited to 2 . 	4
fuuuuuuck! i gotta go to work	1
shut up and go to bed  ,  an make a baby	2
shut up and go to bed  ,  an make a baby	4
someone made a post on my mtsu class page about people who believe we live in a matrix not being represented on campus .  im dropping out . 	0
yes because i love me	0
lol ion pay these birds no attention tho  .  i told em see me in november	0
livid	4
show me yah baby	0
i can speak for both of us and say we are honoured!	0
this lady sounds like lauren speaking spanish lol	0
friday nights call for dateline	0
bro this is a beautiful moment	1
see you guys tomorrow	0
ill be an amazing mother and wife someday	0
hope my bestests are having the most amazing time in brighton ,  so sad i cant be there love u chumpies xx	1
 .  wash house early this morning	0
if we have a class together its wraps we getting kicked out for laughing	0
lol i miss yall too man .  i aint quit tho .  i swear . 	0
thanks bae love u to	0
yall dont understand the weakness i have for dogs now	1
lmaoo cant nobody handle it  ,  but i give em test runs	0
im so obsessed with chris hands ,  are so perfect that	0
aww hun any take aways ?  hope you feel better soon! x	1
when duke energy sends you a bill and they give you your deposit back a year later and you dont have to pay your bill for a month	0
all for good reasons though	0
please come home i need you here	1
all of my shit is disappearing	3
all of my shit is disappearing	5
people are really selling twitter accounts to make money	3
people are really selling twitter accounts to make money	5
i wanna go to pride pero i work	1
well then id prefer if yall stopped growing up mama cant handle the heartache . 	1
youre really sweet for saying that thank you!	0
yes he will they like bestfriends they already talked about it	0
youre literally sitting right next to me wyd	0
please helps im severely hungover and parents are away so i need #dominos	0
lol nah not like september	2
i think key really luh me	0
we are england and wales	0
but like .  .  . i thought u were all about weird	2
but like .  .  . i thought u were all about weird	5
i cant	0
when she has to go i go from to real fast	0
when she has to go i go from to real fast	1
meeeeee ?  ?  ?  ?  i cant tell u the last day shawn cook he went from cooking to just bringing home food	0
meeeeee ?  ?  ?  ?  i cant tell u the last day shawn cook he went from cooking to just bringing home food	1
nightmares	4
nah man ,  just throw yourself into it ,  whats the worst that can happen ?  all ive got atm is plap and trtg until pes2017	0
yes you did ,  lol! but u knew id have to click it anyway	0
lol wow eeeeveryone taking their opportunity	0
haha! its meant to be funny	0
uncle benjen is that uber driver that refuses to drop you off in front of the club #gameofthrones #thronesyall #demt…	1
i really cant omg why is ikon always so extra	1
i couldnt go this short anyway .  cause it requires heat . 	1
im calling it ,  belgium are gonna win the euros ,  those two goals in quick concession were fantastic	0
when is speaking the truth england sucks #uefaeuro2016	0
my future sister in law just made a group chat named bridesmaids im so excited for the wedding!	1
my future sister in law just made a group chat named bridesmaids im so excited for the wedding!	0
cause it looks mad good	0
bianca i miss u see u soon pls	1
but really	1
no matter what i do i just cant get rid of this headache	1
no matter what i do i just cant get rid of this headache	4
factory was bussing like 2 we went through 20 , 000 ones	1
love you too	0
i really just fd myself up  . 	1
thanks for the follow	0
let me check them prices	1
no im not jes! dont bullying me	4
imma upload them tomorrow i havent been on twitter all day	1
mfs never change	0
sorry i havent really been active lately! ill will go live tomorrow! ill be doing a snapchat spree so add me	0
watching game 6 with my main thang	0
missing some ritas right about now	1
good luck!	0
hemaan! the storyline changes so quickly here .  now the brother is gay ?  lets keep it moving! #igazi	0
the mountain just stepped it up	0
you damn right	0
i know nigga lmfaooo	0
woke up with a straight attitude	2
rip bro bro .  smh	2
rip bro bro .  smh	4
i love pitbulls	0
its saturday ,  which means at	0
its saturday ,  which means at	0
i have a new found addiction with jme and grime music . 	0
the smell of squares really fuck with my whole system i be feelin sick asl	1
the smell of squares really fuck with my whole system i be feelin sick asl	4
going to the show	0
las re plageo a mis amigas en snap	0
that thing is eternal lol	0
because its crown over everything	0
#younotfromcookman if you dont remember 3rd floor jaflo ceiling caving in	1
miss you too pootie	1
so glad i was able to see before he leaves .  youre going to do great!!	0
good morning flash that smile	0
damn right	0
the save	5
ill spoil you so bad	0
nigga on end of days wit da blonde locks on the train might be the scariest lookin nigga ever	0
thanks	0
i cant believe what im seeing	1
awe same!! few more weeks boo	0
gone stay in the house all day and be loyal to both my niggas	0
beach house again tonight	0
beyoncé x all night	0
today is going to be a good day . 	0
babe	0
my sister & i took a drive just because she wanted to sing loud	0
i really carry a big thing of vaseline in my bag	1
but everything will be ok  .  .  cs i seen mr . parker tonight	0
i have heard some fab reviews on this! mightve just what i need to pick up my very dry dull and pasty skin!	0
i have heard some fab reviews on this! mightve just what i need to pick up my very dry dull and pasty skin!	5
lmaoooo i just noticed that you were in the picture sorry!	0
i have to wait another day to see my mom but im glad shes coming home .  ive missed her	1
i miss you more teddy	1
blue skies again inwest wales	0
as ever	0
i second that!	0
nooooooot tryna fade work today	1
lol i know you dont either	0
greys finally on season 10 you ?  ? 	0
greys finally on season 10 you ?  ? 	2
greys finally on season 10 you ?  ? 	5
takin my daughter to go swimming today!!	0
its only 2 and ive already had a long day	0
i will give that a try .  .  . 	0
happy birthday to the one ,  who always stumped all antinationals and afzal premi gang #hbdsudhirchaudhary	0
literally met this kid today and when he told me his name was terrance i started laughing	0
game 7 na ituuuu!!! lets go cavs!!! #nbafinals	0
im dead goch dead	0
claaaroo	0
you too man! i spoke to him sometime last year a little bit but he decide to blank me	0
disappointed as fuck . 	2
disappointed as fuck . 	4
i see why these bitches go gay	1
happy birthday have an awesome	0
20 minutes early to dinner so im sitting at this big ass table by myself	0
if this was kobe yall would be happy too yall so mad im loving this	0
i am so disgusted with our she was funny .  talented! she had the it factor .  #ripchristinagrimmie ill forever love you	0
well there goes another one	2
well there goes another one	4
just want another tattoo already	1
punctual	0
suppose the dirt from the south are getting 1 as well .  and you wonder why half the country only supports us .  #nir and proud	0
forever having to go home and do my makeup on my lunch break because i always wake up 15 minutes before work and look like a troll	0
thats nasty . 	4
girl yes i was like wtf	1
lmao some like that . 	0
youre not ugly youre awesome and beautiful	0
always the same	0
dam that 3 was beautiful	0
alhamdullilah .  bulan ramadhan ni .  anyway .  hows everything for you ? !	2
yo #titanfall2 looks sick af #eaplay	0
too much much of this shit i dont need	2
too much much of this shit i dont need	4
#youtubee3 i am ready for skyrim remastered! the new south park game looks awesome too	0
court in a bit	1
happy birthday little man lol .  love you loads enjoy the day hun	0
ada ling ling	0
people throw the u in anyways	2
people throw the u in anyways	4
we have a weird ass bond but not pictures this my manz doe he already kno #aunbreakablebond	0
summer weather	0
spread the word ion think you want to miss it	0
tagal mag-wednesday	0
dunno how the fuck ive managed it but ive been forgiven	0
good talks	0
i really dont wanna take this bio final	1
can someone go to 5 below for me ? 	1
the fact that i get to see a guy ask his girl to marry him on the helicopter is so cute	1
thanks	2
thanks	4
hi cindy hope your well	0
its my schedule today	1
my life great  .  .  i subtracted all the people that brought	0
i unlocked sephoras vib status until december of 2017 .  #iadmit #ihaveaproblemnow	2
i unlocked sephoras vib status until december of 2017 .  #iadmit #ihaveaproblemnow	5
being at dsu is like being in philly ,  maryland ,  virginia ,  dc ,  new york ,  jersey ,  and delaware all at once	0
ur on my snapchat	0
pub is 50/50 english and welsh ,  good bunch ,  fucking hope they dont score come on #wal	0
wanna get to know me better	0
- skittles  ,  we always on some hi & bye shit  ,  we used to be really geeking yo but yeah you cool & pretty & ima see you the wknd	0
- skittles  ,  we always on some hi & bye shit  ,  we used to be really geeking yo but yeah you cool & pretty & ima see you the wknd	0
- skittles  ,  we always on some hi & bye shit  ,  we used to be really geeking yo but yeah you cool & pretty & ima see you the wknd	0
- skittles  ,  we always on some hi & bye shit  ,  we used to be really geeking yo but yeah you cool & pretty & ima see you the wknd	0
im gonna miss abi	1
it feels so good to finally let it all out . 	0
bro going craze	0
hey sky your keep it and i like that but yeah your cool people but always being mean	0
i am ,  ika .  .  just not as happy as before i read one particular tweet ,  5 mins ago but its okay ,  i will not see it any longer	0
i am ,  ika .  .  just not as happy as before i read one particular tweet ,  5 mins ago but its okay ,  i will not see it any longer	0
i am ,  ika .  .  just not as happy as before i read one particular tweet ,  5 mins ago but its okay ,  i will not see it any longer	0
the smile at the end my heart	1
this mother is willing to take care of his kids .  talk about being too forward #datemyfamily	1
lil niggas be dusty tryna flex on me	0
didnt even know she listened to shit like that . 	0
hi there thanks for #following me .  have an excellent weekend & let me know if i can be of #service .  #php #developer	0
yup! and ill smoke the mfs by myself too	0
sad life betul	1
cant say im not laughing! its a ton of work!	0
if you single ,  fine ,  and going to smoke party retweet please	0
todays going good so far	0
i want so much clothes ,  makeup & shoes	1
new rental who dis	1
happy day aleesia ,  dont get too turnt on gods day	0
happy day aleesia ,  dont get too turnt on gods day	0
nah ,  hes going to marry dany and theyll kill the lannisters and everyonell live happily ever after  .  . maybe .  .  . 	0
nah ,  hes going to marry dany and theyll kill the lannisters and everyonell live happily ever after  .  . maybe .  .  . 	0
i love you	0
greys is here  ,  always been my fav show . 	0
okay	0
yeah ,  bc of hosa	0
really brave since ive been gone the past three days	0
those long hours are killing my baby	1
its crazy how all the actors and singers we grew up with are getting so old	1
its a southern thing	0
sex by eden is finally available if you didnt know its a song you pervert	0
beach tomorrow	0
have fun enjoy	0
ugh i really love s relationship with north its priceless	0
ugh i really love s relationship with north its priceless	1
really gone be sayin " girl really act funny " tuah just wait on it  .  .  . 	0
yup .  .  .  . its all mom & apple pie until the shooting starts!	5
had a little crab boil	0
6th place not bad at all! fire and ice!!!! yall killed it!!! on to leg 2	0
thanks boo happy grad day to you	0
thanks boo happy grad day to you	0
dont contact with your ex	0
u are so sweet thank u	1
others can get offended you one of the few i love	1
man shut up	0
fml really though	1
then at least u know the story main toh kahi se kuch b dekh rhi hu	0
what a nice song #daady .  . :thumbs_up::ok_hand:ur dance ,  location all r suprbb .  .  . i m really fida to see ur expression	0
i just want u to know ,  u always make me happy	0
it be like that sometimes	1
someone give me fun piercing ideas	0
thanks lapok labyu sagad	0
i’m just kidding! i was about to text you and figure out how far you are from her	0
when you cant see the moon	1
damn it ,  i want to go to greek fest	1
i know we arent close at all but im bout to load you up on baby stuff ,  summer you best be ready	2
i know we arent close at all but im bout to load you up on baby stuff ,  summer you best be ready	0
s/o to the boy musa!!!!	0
always drank my tea & coffee with 2 sugars and im not lucky if i can even take 1	1
6th day in a row on the river	0
follow =back follow b2a #المباحث_وفولورز_بالمكسرات	1
i hate when people assume sum bout them  ,  like ya feeling guilty or sum  ? 	2
i hate when people assume sum bout them  ,  like ya feeling guilty or sum  ? 	4
can someone bring me a milkshake	1
happy #ff nutmeg #weetis	0
with the luck ive had i should just give up driving all together .  my 8 year clean sheet has been utterly destroyed in less than 2 years	1
i love sports in general but my boyfriend is such a fanatic i feel like hes ditch me at the altar for game tickets . 	1
thomas rhett on repeat all week see u soon babe	0
i got in a 3 car collision	1
lyrics	0
so dinners at my aunts house and i held the family up #sorrynotsorry	2
so dinners at my aunts house and i held the family up #sorrynotsorry	5
i have a cramp on my leg	1
wtf their menu has portuguese words tho	0
wtf their menu has portuguese words tho	1
sleeping on my floor because my bed is in the u-haul	0
i like how we called valak ,  "frank" awhile ago . 	0
i really have to pee but i dont wanna get up	1
what would i do without your smart mouth *sings* me af	0
what would i do without your smart mouth *sings* me af	1
i cant even reach the pedal #bbroadkill #bb18	0
so much on my mind	0
welcome! aamiin inshaaallah hehe night pinat	0
welcome! aamiin inshaaallah hehe night pinat	0
looks like shes part corgi!	0
i love this scene	0
foooam . 	2
foooam . 	5
- zamn zaddy!	0
want to go to whistler so bad	1
this guy looks great for 75 years uh  ?  young way to go guy your doing something	0
this guy looks great for 75 years uh  ?  young way to go guy your doing something	0
we must have one nice picture!! its probably because im always sat next to gemma	0
the english had free run wrecking cafes ,  restaurants and bars until the russians turned up and smashed them instead	0
i have such bad luck i swear	1
lol only 2 , 500 for me today 16 , 376 yesterday though!	1
the wait is almost over	1
lol .  .  scouting vardy and at the end of next season he will say arsenal were about to sign him .  . 	0
im ready to be in dallas but im not ready for this drive right now	0
love it!	0
x wassup kara you cute you fake  .  .  .  tmp	0
x wassup kara you cute you fake  .  .  .  tmp	0
lmao and she mean it toooo	4
what is jinki up to lately ?  ?  xd you could atleast post something	0
bt real heaven on earth is kashmir . 	0
 . @culturedathlete such a #sexy way to #giveback #cause #charity #breastcancer	0
you leave uni w/ a shiny new journalism degree & lofty ideals and then u wake up one day & youre the boob sweat reporter	1
*drafts tweet in slang* oop ah *deletes ,  sends normie tweet*	1
*drafts tweet in slang* oop ah *deletes ,  sends normie tweet*	1
*drafts tweet in slang* oop ah *deletes ,  sends normie tweet*	5
ah im jelly	1
#fcam cindy claudia 21thn jakarta b .  gunakan ponds white beauty night cream	0
ya guey put messi in	1
i hate oomf rn	0
drownin in the sauce	0
hit my dm if u want me if u scared to post me	0
feel like i did 1000 sit ups & i havent did not one	1
watching once upon a time and i cannot believe killian is a dark one!	1
checks notifications hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha *cries in the corner*	0
i wasted half a tank of gas driving to 2 chick fil as .  one was remodeling & one was in a campus .  third times a charm ? 	0
this was one the first ol memes i ever made nice to see it makes you still	0
i need to purify my beautiful body . 	0
friend	0
im back guys!!! i came from the mall	0
in desperate need of an l	1
my lines & musicality in that video so crisp . 	0
haha of course i do ,  i always miss my jay	0
hey &  ,  happy birthday all the best on your year 2 and hey we three same bday have a bl…	0
hey &  ,  happy birthday all the best on your year 2 and hey we three same bday have a bl…	0
thank u dear	0
just put bubs to bed im so glad shes home .  she spent the whole night cuddling the cat and telling him how much she missed him	1
hahahaha i was so embarrassed	1
"of course you dance for yourself ,  but be generous" -carlo pacis #idolkonapokayo	0
goodmorning cuties	0
im so shy when you first meet me	1
what snaps	3
what snaps	5
i think so #jeena is making situation after all mannu ki life destroy salahuddin ki waja se hui	1
hey thxs girl	0
love mine and friendship ,  we send each other random pics	0
crowd source it! which show ? 	0
here you go dicksucking goodbye cut off !	2
here you go dicksucking goodbye cut off !	4
thats great too .  spaghetti is the best .  there can only be one food	0
i blame it on lebron winning one for cleveland	3
i blame it on lebron winning one for cleveland	5
j-3 before seeing twin atlantic in paris #excited	0
my baby went to see finding dory getting a hair cut when he gets back & then going to see his daddy	0
got hired right on the spot today but i have an interview with amazon tomorrow	1
watching scream series	0
dangit well i also have lots of clone wars thoughts too	4
u be lying i got da camera man on deck n all lat we tryna take off and u playing	2
u be lying i got da camera man on deck n all lat we tryna take off and u playing	4
i knowww	1
omg ?  for real ?  luckyyyyyy so happy for you!	0
omg ?  for real ?  luckyyyyyy so happy for you!	1
omg ?  for real ?  luckyyyyyy so happy for you!	5
for real	1
cause all of me loves all of you ,  love your curves and all your edges ,  all your perfect imperfections	0
love  ?  is a great feeling !	0
fuck ,  i wanted to go see lee brice tonight but forgot all about it	1
its better to be hated for who you are than to be loved for who you are not	0
some bitches need to wash their tongues with a tooth brush if theyre gonna be showing off they new tongue rings	4
hate having no power	2
hate having no power	5
lamiig! double meaning	0
i need to get dressed .  .  .  have a lot to do today	1
kds free agency really is finna fly by	3
kds free agency really is finna fly by	5
try again	0
i had to follow that account .  im so fascinated w shit like that .  im a scary movie ,  mass murderer geek so finding that account is gold . 	1
really ended ? 	1
really ended ? 	4
spend it on me	0
hey boo	0
look at kynlee hey girl	0
look at kynlee hey girl	0
dem #rp612fic tweets tho	0
my hairrrrr you  ? 	0
mama there goes that man again !!	1
dont know about tomorrow	1
dont watch the clock .  do what it does .  keep going . 	0
3 oclock me please	1
lucky i checked her on the phone instead of at work .  nah watch she go cry to the manager .  like i give a fuck	0
guess ill get these plaits when i go back to tally next week but i want my really long like keri hilsons	0
i want ice cream so bad rn	1
its ite kuku me and u both	0
who knows	0
you really my girl! we go waaaaay back! since 1st ifwy the long way  ,  ykwihf	0
you really my girl! we go waaaaay back! since 1st ifwy the long way  ,  ykwihf	0
ill take it!	0
i need these iphones to drop im struggling w .  the one i have	1
i need these iphones to drop im struggling w .  the one i have	1
id rather have d than no d	0
imma continue my vlog marathon to feel better .  im still in april omg	0
imma continue my vlog marathon to feel better .  im still in april omg	4
we used to be always b around each other & had some good times but i fwy and you cool	0
atleast i get to watch the argentina game	0
happy birthday pretty babes have a gr8	0
all the right songs coming on	0
is there another cineworld guest announcement tomorrow ?  it says so on facebook but twitter has been suspiciously quiet ? 	3
this is so dumb	0
thats a fact	0
no you dont	1
its now summer its june 1st	0
who is this girl even ¿ bye . 	0
then i have to work in the morning	1
our problems are the opposite .  im 160 and would like to be 130 but its not going that way .  they seriously need a way to share fat	0
too many ppl are dying out here in virginia ,  washington ,  d . c .  and even in maryland also	0
ight boo thang ,  slay	0
hehehe thanks jess	0
hehehe thanks jess	0
derrius rahman .  where dat tho .  make us proud bro	0
i might as well should just stay home	0
hahaha well quite	0
watching the national black writers conference got me hype!	0
but im his sister	1
im mad i just spend an hour & a half watching this stupid curse of chucky	2
im mad i just spend an hour & a half watching this stupid curse of chucky	4
 ,  you wasnt the first	0
haha its interesting but cant see me keeping it for too long idk	0
were not all terrible	0
youll always be remembered .  #ripchristinagrimmie	1
when i pull a you on you  ,  dont think im doing wrong	0
really	0
good	1
greg be getting me right	0
greg be getting me right	1
i always doze off during the kids naptime	0
just checkin dont play	1
i was planning to go to the gym but im at taco tuesday instead	1
fuck a netflix & chill lets just lay up bae	0
i been eating all day	0
my remedy baby	0
been at 35% for 2 hours	1
been at 35% for 2 hours	5
behind every problem in your life is a rich blessing . 	0
great name happy anniversary to you both x	0
been in the worst mood ever today ,  clearly woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning	1
awww i wish i was there ,  im in california	1
been pretty content with life lately	0
this morning it was a bug about to crawl on rj and i instantly grabbed that mf with my bare hand & threw it without saying a word to him	0
the kid is too smart for his own good .  most 2 year olds would just sit in shit .  im impressed .  but he will never know	2
while youre waiting , why dont u try to talk in our podcast ?  we love guiness ,  world record and u	0
lmaoo when even a 4 year old knows better	1
guess who just got the day off going right back to bed	0
harmonizers	0
love this!!! please count me in perfect during #euros2016  .  .  .  . for as long as wales stay in ,  that is! rtd & following!	0
i just love not being able to sleep	4
should i dye my hair back burgundy like i have been or keep it brown ?  help	2
should i dye my hair back burgundy like i have been or keep it brown ?  help	5
man my head still bangin  .  i think i just need some steady sleep  .  havent gotten more than like 4 hrs or so since idk	0
payday is so close but still so far	1
your still an excellent yute though	1
ive actually done so well in them all so far	0
jesus	1
jesus	5
all the talk about the nba being rigged is getting really annoying	2
all the talk about the nba being rigged is getting really annoying	5
this test i just took got me like my teacher do too much but i dont think i failed ,  did i do good enough to keep my average up .  idk	2
this test i just took got me like my teacher do too much but i dont think i failed ,  did i do good enough to keep my average up .  idk	4
this test i just took got me like my teacher do too much but i dont think i failed ,  did i do good enough to keep my average up .  idk	3
this test i just took got me like my teacher do too much but i dont think i failed ,  did i do good enough to keep my average up .  idk	5
all mines	0
thank you	0
ansia	1
that must be it .  florida	0
so sad .  #prayforturkey	1
ughh lol ok .  this tally life changed me lol .  aint no thing to shake a lil sumthin	0
dark chocolate females are so cute my friend is african and she is sooo freaking pretty her skin is so rich love my b…	1
dark chocolate females are so cute my friend is african and she is sooo freaking pretty her skin is so rich love my b…	1
ik all about it	1
like i need to be picture ready . 	0
just had a nutella krispy kreme and it was beautiful	0
whats happening 6 months today ? 	0
she dont take drugs .  .  .  .  only wiz when shes trying to lose weight- lisa reynolds	0
awwww im sure u did great pikachu	0
finna do my own lashes	0
take your time .  downloading a 3 hour update currently . 	0
you know its wet when lommel close hope for tomorrow if not sx concept and home	0
you should learn something from the mistakes you made in your daily life	0
i originally wanted apples with peanut butter ,  but the plate i wanted to use was dirty & then i thought about having to slice the apples	1
my whole body is soar	1
youre welcome	0
i am obsessed with "h . o . l . y . " by florida georgia line .  . 	0
wondering if i put a dent in anybodys internet yesterday	0
i love lick the ass and fucke this ass	2
yeah ikr but people just casually got off that plane didnt affect them at all	0
by watching josh #c3	0
my face is clearing up	0
finally back to the platinum blonde life . 	0
why do the best nights come with the worst hangovers	1
these clowns have the nerve to mention due process when #scotus has a vacancy ?  ?  #nobillnobreak #rememberinnovember	3
these clowns have the nerve to mention due process when #scotus has a vacancy ?  ?  #nobillnobreak #rememberinnovember	5
confidence on #hennything can happen	0
its been 3 weeks & i still dont have a job whos hiring  ?  ?  ? 	1
thank you!	0
damn where this nigga at ?  its hot af	0
its not a bad thing ,  its a good thing	0
idk why im up like i dont have an 8-oclock	0
i dont want nobody but you kissing on my tattoos	0
it would be funny if he got wind of uk press giving the stick to nicola and said come lass .  i wont let the bad boys bully	0
folks yall tweaking me out bos you see my new .  .  meaning the last one to	0
there are holes dug into my gums	1
nice food-porn	0
imagine she breaks into dancing to such a song right after killing some goons #akiratraileronjuly4 #akira	0
stop making shit up girl bye	2
stop making shit up girl bye	4
sad times	1
sad times	1
orange where are you	1
lmao im ready to go back to cruces	1
you pretty seem cool .  .  athletic .  .  .  a well rounded student seem cool & idk you	0
#findingdory so adorably cute:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:funny how the theater was filled with children and oh how we waited for this day!	0
#findingdory so adorably cute:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:funny how the theater was filled with children and oh how we waited for this day!	0
i have so much crushes i cant decide which one i should jump on the dms ,  i might ruin our "coolness" . 	0
it is 5:30 in the morning .  why is everyone so chipper .  . 	2
it is 5:30 in the morning .  why is everyone so chipper .  . 	4
just want to go see the conjuring 2 in theaters someone go with	0
just want to go see the conjuring 2 in theaters someone go with	0
its hilarious how different i am from my friends out here	0
i dont take anyone serious	1
fuck its really hot at vegas	2
fuck its really hot at vegas	5
i got both .  the zelph is similar to the speedster .  the ti-tri is much more robust than my original aluminium caldera cone  . 	0
 .  .  . l tweets 7lwa  .  . m7bob	0
 .  .  . l tweets 7lwa  .  . m7bob	0
birthday in a couple hrs	0
enjoy! rock that concert for you and beastboy!	0
thanks this colour is my new favourite!	0
i know .  but then id just be depressed in overcast weather all the time	2
i know .  but then id just be depressed in overcast weather all the time	5
man i wanna visit japan	1
somizi is a clown	0
lmao i seriously have the worst luck! im so embarrassed	1
why cant things be normal for one time in my life	0
im not fucking with none of yall hoes who was n a long relationship right before me cuz every bitch run back for dick idc…	0
oh i can definitely afford that!! im in!!!	0
i didnt know if i should start it or not	0
oh my god no its not	1
lol austin	0
liquor makes me horny	0
i swear on my little nigga doe i got the hoes bro	0
#growingupwithmyname um .  .  the last name is  .  .  *before she even attempted i raise my hand and yell *	0
that bh lingo can get you a long ways boaaa	0
i cant even look at this shit	2
the "#dairy industry" rapes cows & steals their babies here are 2 #happy #cows at go #vegan h…	1
the more you think im lacking  ,  the more im on point	0
when you cant do anything b/c your arm n foot messed up ,  and car i wish yesterday nv happened	1
when you cant do anything b/c your arm n foot messed up ,  and car i wish yesterday nv happened	1
when you cant do anything b/c your arm n foot messed up ,  and car i wish yesterday nv happened	1
the evening star .  .  . 	1
thank s for the twug	0
im good	0
i just watched you do that	2
i just watched you do that	4
killing me	0
i think 10 units beh	0
i have such a soft spot for duhrizz #aldubxdrewga	0
when u wanna retweet something sexual ,  but its kinda too much	0
natalie is my favourite person in this house #bbuk	0
actually yes mind .  it only imported the names .  i had to enter all of my contacts manually	1
okay	0
sige post mo lang thanks	0
sige post mo lang thanks	0
yo scoota lived the life that all the niggas wanted	1
congrats to you antonia	0
this lady just told her son if he dont get off the shopping cart she was gone break his leg off and beat him with it	0
bands see that ,  its awkward	1
awww so cute	0
haha! love how ozil gets these rival fans rustled and then they go on to compare their star players with him!	0
hung up on me cause i said " eyebrows not on fleek " you mad bruh	0
go out my way for you  ,  and you still cant text me back . 	0
suck it	0
jockey to face for jw #dohdowedat	0
jockey to face for jw #dohdowedat	1
cannot wait for next week	0
someone wanna come lay with me and peel all the skin off my back and put lotion on me ,  thatd be great ,  thanks	0
i was attacked by a swarm last week they swooped and clawed my head it was terrifying ahahaha	1
deja got me dead asl rn i cant even be in my feelings how i want to be	1
you swear you know .  but i am going to the bahamas	0
ive always wanted to do a karaoke duet to total eclipse of the heart but no one loves me enough to	1
forever looking stupid	0
we love you too #shahsofsunset the best reality show! good luck ps your mums road rage makes me laugh so hard xx	0
we love you too #shahsofsunset the best reality show! good luck ps your mums road rage makes me laugh so hard xx	0
god gat me	0
pre-calc	1
btw we need to hang out ,  sit down and play something at some stage ,  sure youre only 20 mins walk away haha	0
yo boyfriend a bitch he aint savage to nobody but you	0
yo boyfriend a bitch he aint savage to nobody but you	1
dont be pressed for that good morning text	0
your so stubborn	2
your so stubborn	4
i wrote my dad a poem with 17 stanzas and he cried which made me cry as well wth	0
authentically unoriginal .  .  . and trust that im not cuz i did it first	0
is it the weekend yet ? 	1
just saw where the perform .  still pretty surreal #fangirling	5
im confused ,  pousseys exit makes no sense why her ?  what does that characters death do to enhance the show at all ?  nothing	1
if u jst ignore what people thinks about ya ,  certainly ull be more happy #try	0
glad you like them babe	0
love spell from vs smells so good	0
jesus the rest of your team must be romanian players	0
laurinah this is so cute	0
i like clingy	0
i sleep most of my day away	1
how can u be so unreliable	2
how can u be so unreliable	4
because of ra ndue gawean	1
beautiful	0
youre adorable	0
me miss you too	0
been scratching my head for the last 5 minutes purely because it feeling amazing	0
my friends literally wake up so late and they lag to reply	2
my friends literally wake up so late and they lag to reply	4
new setup it looks bland but it will look more brighter soon	0
sorrryyyyyy	2
sorrryyyyyy	5
cant wait!	0
if u call me pls tell me till end ,  fooler	1
i really want to go to the slfl tour	1
chill its one of my hoes not gonna lie lmao	1
my wife is my dream	0
i dont feel like going to town but i have to .  .  . better wake up now . 	2
i dont feel like going to town but i have to .  .  . better wake up now . 	4
im ded bye	1
haha! it happens to me all the time!	0
you took longer the text before that	0
love early shifts	0
lmfaooo smhhhh	0
aw baby	0
im right here	1
thats fine but constantly saying stuff about her seems like you alittle worried  .  . 	0
im so glad christina and owens are back together	1
im older than you	0
morning	0
i mean when u look this good why not show	0
everytime i get out the shower i just be chilling on my bed naked	0
live in the present and make it beautiful	0
when you find your g at the rascal flatts concert	0
i miss my fav its been weeks	1
in my feels seeing all these family pictures	1
myrone be really thinking he scaring somebody	0
thank youu	0
wish i couldve gone to the mexico game	1
thnksss diii yrrr ,  chl ill sing now for u .  .  love u	0
thnksss diii yrrr ,  chl ill sing now for u .  .  love u	0
nite simmers! im tired from work! have a fantastic time with the new kids sp! im looking forward to trying the puppet theatre!	0
somewhere cares but doesnt provide details bruh	0
i gotta keep my ratios up	0
i still love you boo	0
lmfaooooooo word u thought he was bout to break out in a 8 count	0
you aint got none though .  literally like 200 .  just hope somebody see this and follow you	1
im with her on that! dont need gratuitous violence ,  sex or misogynous crap of any sort .  not good with blood and guts either	0
happy bday zha enjoy yo day	2
hawaiian air giving me headaches	2
hawaiian air giving me headaches	4
thought you had the plug mayne! lol	2
thought you had the plug mayne! lol	4
mosquitoes are satans little minions and i hate them all . 	2
he knew he was too lil for that	2
he knew he was too lil for that	4
kinda wanna go track down a raspado man	0
exactly	1
ive seen like 6 father pic collages already	0
thanks lovely thats a nice thing to hear start my new job tomorrow	0
amen	1
amen	4
blocking every happy couple i see on here	4
so happy to be reunited with my girls	0
everybodys like " hes no item ! please dont like him , he dont wife em , he one nights em ! " #hatinassbitchesainthappy	0
ugh yeeessss i loved that show	1
like whyyyyyy did yesterday have to happen like it did	1
wasnt playing no type of games	0
mlem sunnah ya	0
miss you too . 	0
i cant even watch the game tonight	1
i am beyond in love with disney movies	0
this is "call my mama" "put me under a blanket and let me sob" bad .  how im even walking without crutches i dont know	1
my ass be hurting bc i be acting like im not pregnant and shit fuck off! its too early for your shenanigans	0
my ass be hurting bc i be acting like im not pregnant and shit fuck off! its too early for your shenanigans	4
good luck too	0
it was cute for a lil bit but nowwww its just um	1
lol whys man sayin jbt like he didnt know exactly what they were called	0
and so its official	1
thursday night smackdown hood edition	0
hbd i cant wait for xc with you! love you sm and dont party too hard	0
me too	1
i have 0 kandi making skills	1
oh ffs	0
having athens withdrawal .  someone go down with me for the 4th	1
thank you	0
vs needs to end this sale bc i keep blowing my checks	0
defo the shirt	0
hes never coming back ali	0
just be playing with religion	1
bae hand really swole	3
bae hand really swole	5
korean food	1
let me get up and go fix this gourmet shit before she gets upset . 	2
let me get up and go fix this gourmet shit before she gets upset . 	4
id be at a gig a week if i lived in ireland	0
is it okay for me to post a #blackgirlsbreaktheinternet even though im not fully black	0
is it okay for me to post a #blackgirlsbreaktheinternet even though im not fully black	0
lots of shots fired	0
"this is my atm card just a little heavier"	0
coldest part is they are	1
lmao goodnight best friend! goodnight lil love yall!	0
lmao goodnight best friend! goodnight lil love yall!	0
yellowcard kind of night	0
guess whos gonna be in ripexpo ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ? ! ? ! ?  me!!!	0
waiting for the showers  .  .  .  .  . pour out your blessings	0
i miss my bff already	1
i love this speaker	1
mariah out here in vegas got the lambs belting those riffs and runs in osd off key and shit	0
nigga keith so cool i refer to him in third person	0
really excited for future plans	0
i just wanna move out from this house	2
i just wanna move out from this house	4
okay just for you	0
welcome ,  we hope you enjoy	0
when payday is today and tomorrow for you	0
when u just want to get away	0
when "you should be here" comes on the radio	1
so clean you got no choice but to see me	0
just com uma mao	0
couldnt sleep so i red the entire wikipedia page for the red hot chili peppers #whatamidoing	0
we miss you too karen! we hope to see you soon! remember that you and the girls are always in our hearts hugs!!	0
#growingupwithmyname omg i love how you spell your name	0
yay! congrats .  see you there	0
i think im finna get fresh	0
dimarco you sly dog you lol	0
off the wake up chip trynna get bookin	1
havent talked to you in a long ass min ,  my fault youre hella nice wlh	0
havent talked to you in a long ass min ,  my fault youre hella nice wlh	1
that would be the dream! in the meantime ,  lying flat on my back is a completely practical solution . 	0
aww bb its short but i hope u like it anyway	0
need a blunt	1
my baby is 4 pounds i cant wait till shes finally here!!!!	0
im happenin like that	0
its from a marvel mobile game cant remember the name for the life of me	3
its from a marvel mobile game cant remember the name for the life of me	5
just continue to let him shoot .  less shots for klay and curry!	0
think i might finish ch2 tonight	1
didnt even know who james was until this magic happened but now im a fan	0
so satisfied with my scores	0
i wanted to go to edc so baaaad like ion want anything else	1
i want one too	0
sleep	0
i wasnt ready	1
short film gerhana by #tarbiahsentap production is the best! serious tersentuh and my tear is running so fast	1
ill go with the first option #respect	0
but you dont like sushi and thats 10 times worst	1
how you in love with a nigga who got my name tatted on his chest! ? 	0
wanna rewatch our times	1
my boy	0
the 19kg more in worthy we have had to be dan cole head	0
on the other hand ,  she always said you know nothing to jon snow ,  which she prolly knows a few things . 	0
christ one gym is way too hot like ,  you could sweat to death just from being sat inside!!	5
chill	1
not excited for tomorrow	3
not excited for tomorrow	5
like your style ,  gabi .  hope we can look forward to seeing you for a round soon!	0
they said i made it big & its unusual .   . 	3
they said i made it big & its unusual .   . 	5
i think i got a little crush on you	0
hay summers over	1
im craving it at this hour wtf	1
can i see you soon	1
kkt multifandom gc is lit hahaha all of them talking abt vixx tho	0
dont wanna sleep alone tonite didnt get any rest	1
why wouldnt i retweet my own picture i love me	0
let me figure out if ubereats is down for a delivery	0
lol why	0
i hate you but thank you!	0
i hate you but thank you!	0
i hate you but thank you!	2
i hate you but thank you!	4
story of my life	0
just fell out of a tree .  dont even feel the pain . 	0
safe to say my phones going insane	0
spm countdowns	1
lmfao by all means	1
follow me bae ,  is very important for me man , i love you the best of world and you make me happy x100	0
i miss shawt so much	1
no mistakes tonight .  .  .  hopefully	0
life as a #nanny "you are going to be 64 today for our pretend birthday party" .  .  .  .  .  #playtime	1
much needed bestfriend bonding time  .   .   .  i missed you	1
5 .  no matter what you wear niggas find a way to "observe the curves"	1
i guess so	1
so excited for tomorrow	0
i only tweet after my naps	0
you really can do whatever you want . 	0
baby showerr july 16th	0
i still have two more as bonus	0
life man	0
tonights pleasure:- guys & dolls tour . 	0
work 7am	1
charges after charges  .  .  this shit has to stop	1
girrrrl --&gt ;  i accidentally slept in my make up ,  and ill could only think about how disappointed would be	1
this cough medicine	4
im already liking #tu20 and i havent even met all of yall yet	1
& i know you tired	0
tell me your favorite swear word	0
wrapped my hair about to hop in the shower	0
need a hair cut	2
need a hair cut	5
i honestly want my arm finished and a whole lot of other things	1
she said she aint never made love ,  let me hit it	0
naked	5
i really b on twitter all day long	2
i really b on twitter all day long	4
just picked out my new car	0
but i just cant i think i need to watch it again via online now *read my last tweet* #gameofthrones #themanwhocantmoveon	0
but i just cant i think i need to watch it again via online now *read my last tweet* #gameofthrones #themanwhocantmoveon	1
semaj teething so bad	0
im too excited to see finding dory tonight	0
lol tell me	0
nobody gone be able to tell me nothing i mean they can now but shiiii	0
nobody gone be able to tell me nothing i mean they can now but shiiii	0
wow im so thirsty	1
already had the "dont buy noah a chain .  i hate chains on men" chat with aaron	0
dude the beach wouldnt have been the same without you if only i wasnt slumped lol this friday shall be lit asf again	0
dude the beach wouldnt have been the same without you if only i wasnt slumped lol this friday shall be lit asf again	0
dude the beach wouldnt have been the same without you if only i wasnt slumped lol this friday shall be lit asf again	0
i go to school with 74% white people and then my asian friend said it once too and i checked his ass	1
scared ?  you should be! #hillexit	0
goodnight ratties	0
i dont hurt you ?  ?  ? 	0
i didnt think youll tweet like this .  . 	0
iol better for italy jb	0
that was thursdays ,  friday was the museum	0
you aint the only one	0
youre welcome .  .  . mean ass	2
youre welcome .  .  . mean ass	4
you funny asf you already know the deal	0
happy friday! can you please play #fromthegroundup by + help them get closer to the top 10 ?  thank you!	0
bitches and they fake pages	2
bitches and they fake pages	4
i just saw thisss !! im not even playing  ,  i was thinking about that a while ago how it would be so lit w our memories	0
stay safe! good thing im not flying out til tuesday ,  then off to the beach we	0
stay safe! good thing im not flying out til tuesday ,  then off to the beach we	0
stay safe! good thing im not flying out til tuesday ,  then off to the beach we	3
stay safe! good thing im not flying out til tuesday ,  then off to the beach we	5
i take way to many showers	0
the bar we are in does €1 pints and are giving out a free shot per england goal .  .  .  #drunkonbeer #maximum1freeshot #engwal #euro2016	0
oh my god even sungjong said it hurts how r u gonna endure the pain lmao	0
oh my god even sungjong said it hurts how r u gonna endure the pain lmao	1
oh my god even sungjong said it hurts how r u gonna endure the pain lmao	4
im really jocing doo ipod man	0
my 7 year old brother always has so much fun and doesnt worry about anything but whats for dinner and when he gets to play xbox	0
for a week my dad ulang alik ke melaka for iftar but suddenly hes busy for this weekend	1
patty melts	0
even my mom said im on the phone a lot nowadays .  astaga addict mena aku ngan group pm (puts the blame on others teehee)	2
even my mom said im on the phone a lot nowadays .  astaga addict mena aku ngan group pm (puts the blame on others teehee)	4
tried out wheelchair basketball today at uni ,  honestly one of the best experiences of my life! back is kinda fucked though tbh	0
yeyy hopefully dpt jumpa	0
exactly	0
what have you done ?  #euref	1
my three boys together finally	0
we have the same name but we have differ personality .  gets ?  till i met you jadine	0
thats what we love to hear! which mask did you use ? 	0
thank you!	0
i hate nearly every film but i swear whatever mood im in i can always watch shrek	0
nbs future over rated i listen to his music but mfs go over bored	0
my oldest sister watches anime .  talk about surprises . 	0
okay done with that photo	0
greys anatomy is breaking my heart right now but what else is new	1
*one word* exhausted	1
it was intentional ,  the tweet it self was saposed to look stupid asf	0
and i just saw that rl , that really came out from you ha , well , welcome to their land ,  keep your distance away from us ,  we got awesome rl na	0
dude i miss yall too	1
the fact that ill clock out tomorrow night with 47 hours makes me happy .  #overtime	0
thanks fav darkskin	0
im so disturbed because the "junior high school" text of the whk campus is not at the center . 	0
as it should be! not sure if its ya ,  maybe new adult ?  but juliet is 19 . 	0
must be nice	0
i miss al of yall	1
facebook memories with someone who passed away ,  bitter sweet . 	1
snapchat no me anda	1
up to you lol .  bastard bowl or work ?  ?  itll be there when you get back	0
easier to leave the eu than to get #wengerout	0
getting friend request from princess ali #diltootzmoment	2
getting friend request from princess ali #diltootzmoment	4
having money all the time drives me crazy cause i dont be knowing what to do	1
who wants to practice yoga ?  im organizing a class (group of 5-7) loc will be in up!! *hindi po ako yung inst haha* taraa	0
automatic cars are boring to drive now	0
i think ill be sleeping with my light on from now on #theconjuring2	3
i think ill be sleeping with my light on from now on #theconjuring2	5
happy happy happy	0
i miss you baby girl	0
in a great mood this morning	0
so finally ,  alden is full time with bench now ?  #aldubxdrewga	0
trust you to be going out & im too broke otherwise i would!	0
i got secrets that cant leave #cancun "same"	0
my grandmas 90th birthday was more wild than some of my friends birthday parties! lol age is just a number . 	0
mfs tried to get us tonight shit brazy #fuxk12 & dunk mfs was twanking word to gang	0
mfs tried to get us tonight shit brazy #fuxk12 & dunk mfs was twanking word to gang	4
cheers benny boy	0
imma call you dopey then	0
yes! im always looks for inspiration for my bujo	0
my mom said i watched it since i was 1 and i would always giggle watching it	0
it was t we were on the opposite side	0
cant wait to see you tonight	0
i look better in clothes that arent mine	0
craving bdubs	1
vidcon 2016 was a success ,  met so many great people nothing beats coming home to rascals cuddles though	0
just kidding but good dream	0
£4 . 50 and yes cards can be used	0
kids	3
kids	5
yayyyy! cant believe i actually won .  no idea what i want .  .  .  ill have a think!	0
im listening to chilltrax with tunein .  #nowplaying just chillin you know	0
im listening to chilltrax with tunein .  #nowplaying just chillin you know	0
im listening to chilltrax with tunein .  #nowplaying just chillin you know	0
im listening to chilltrax with tunein .  #nowplaying just chillin you know	0
sorry b! next time!!	1
lol and the cheapest . 	0
only you but not me	1
with that kind of role model its no surprise he did what he did	4
thanks boo!	0
someone please cook and invite my sister and i over .  please	1
pretty happy of how productive cc was today went waaaay smoother than the first time lol	0
i might try and get into it! everything else has finished now	1
this hoe real life called me bitch never that	0
mental torture!! hope are you a bad ass ?  ? !	0
wishing everyone a blessed poson poya day	0
when your camper has a 2 hour tantrum lol	1
just disgusting i guess ill have to stick w hairy dogs	1
alright ,  peace out twitter	4
if youre horny!	2
nikki nd angel r the only hoes i can stand	0
now im finna take alday	1
being offshore means i cant even listen to going crazy	2
either phallon touched it or ro threw it away	2
either phallon touched it or ro threw it away	4
its okay lifetime had one less tool today	0
we miss you over at the bay	1
im so tired & drunk and i have to drive 30 mins to the crib	2
im so tired & drunk and i have to drive 30 mins to the crib	5
still fountains of tears at the	0
i need to drink more water .  shit nasty though . 	1
thank you . 	0
so who would actually watch my sister and i do make up tutorials ?  shes pretty great and im getting there	0
paid slavery af wali	1
got a headache	1
all this hot ass weather is causing my face to break out with heat bumps	1
when you snapchat and text at the same time ,  its hard maintain which conversation youre having	0
omg im on the final episode of one tree hill	1
i gotta stop cursing so much	1
bethesdas #e32016 press conference is an hour and a half away .  my favorite video game publisher is going to tear it down again this year	0
nice work robin!!	0
pretty sure ill fail my math & chem final	0
twitter is used to throw shade at your bf  ,  ex or someone that you like that doesnt give 2 shits about you so just st…	1
omg y did she hit the folks so much	1
business first no distractions	0
birthday in 8 days	0
ahhhh man aj gets his shots toma	1
lemme get ready for work cause these hoes aint tryna give a location !	0
actually so trueee!! that time we got to like 30 but then lost it	1
- you seem like a fun ass chick! like if you wild & down asf & you pretttttty	0
- you seem like a fun ass chick! like if you wild & down asf & you pretttttty	0
- you seem like a fun ass chick! like if you wild & down asf & you pretttttty	1
morphe 35o and 35t palettes are a must	1
your dresses you guys look beautiful!!!	0
ugh .  too hot!	1
bruh i still cant find my headphones	2
bruh i still cant find my headphones	4
birthday shoutout to the amazingly skilled please check out her art	0
birthday shoutout to the amazingly skilled please check out her art	0
still need to lose the v card here	1
will be interested as to the responses as i need to get insurance too	0
makeup  . 	0
alhamdulillah everything is gettin better	0
fine ill have the usual thanks	0
its a nice ass day	0
 . @proudgrannycdn pm of to what end ?  while #pmjt works at restoring our reputation on stage , 	0
damn do you ever just start venting and then you cant shut the fuck up cause it all just comes out like word vomit	0
you swear you live in germany but i hope you had a great birthday	0
you swear you live in germany but i hope you had a great birthday	2
you swear you live in germany but i hope you had a great birthday	0
you swear you live in germany but i hope you had a great birthday	1
somebody fill my car up with balloons	1
do you know you can pop the baloons ?  happy birthday!	0
smoking pressure for bitches who got pressure	0
rest well	0
hey im a bronnie fan too ,  can i have a follow back please #brondogs	0
they look amazing	0
you r looking .  i love red velvet cakes! the love guru! i love him #saddahaq	0
you r looking .  i love red velvet cakes! the love guru! i love him #saddahaq	5
i might just come tomorrow dawg i aint lien	0
for some reason i feel relieved	0
i gotta block #1omfs aint shit sweet i dont fuck with you	2
i gotta block #1omfs aint shit sweet i dont fuck with you	4
awww so sweet tysm honey kisses #batb	0
oh its you what a surprise . 	0
no ice bag .  i have peas!!! ill try peas!! thank you .  x	0
you stay safe out here in this world	1
los snaps de bodine	0
lol ok habs	2
lol ok habs	5
wuuuu! this camera man is so shady .  he went straight for the biggest flaws of that suit .  .  .  and there are so many . 	0
wuuuu! this camera man is so shady .  he went straight for the biggest flaws of that suit .  .  .  and there are so many . 	5
like please stop pretending you know things you dont	2
like please stop pretending you know things you dont	4
im a biz woman over 40 .  need some tips	0
serena and tenten are sertenly in love .  .  .  #dolceamorehhww	3
serena and tenten are sertenly in love .  .  .  #dolceamorehhww	5
same matts outfit tho	0
way to hot but not to hot to touch	0
#thingsmydadwouldsay "i dont have money!" he always says it	2
#thingsmydadwouldsay "i dont have money!" he always says it	4
carnival packed	3
carnival packed	5
951-750-9096 text me dude	0
slim really is my whole heart and im proud to still say that after we been to hell & back sooooooo many times	1
boutta hear the bae sing at the adobo fest tomorrow	0
its a limited menu	0
yeah .  just .  .  .  monday is near and this weekend was so awesome . 	3
no stop it	0
i guess	0
its already my secondary game	0
girll idek	0
wow perfect body beautiful girl have a nice day goddess	0
omg hi bentley!!	0
such a cutie	0
you should imma be posting a lot and crying	0
please ,  stay safe kellen! why do we live in such a cruel world .  .  .  ? 	1
please ,  stay safe kellen! why do we live in such a cruel world .  .  .  ? 	1
i gotta tup before me n remy split	1
thanks	2
thanks	5
bout time for me to stop being mean to lil  buddy  .  . 	1
thats because we always broke	0
1000% wanting to go to next year	1
ive been wanting to go out with my baby but weve been busy with work lately	1
true	0
it didnt look as dramatic as i hoped but its still nice	0
my makeup bag need to gain weight to grown up much bigger and taller ,  like seriously serious	0
dont put my name next to a mfa that aint getting no money  .  .  shits embarrassing	2
dont put my name next to a mfa that aint getting no money  .  .  shits embarrassing	4
i have 8 am class tomorrow	1
i need to get my nails and eyebrows done but i dont want to go alone	2
i need to get my nails and eyebrows done but i dont want to go alone	4
bc you are . 	0
but of course in some cases you have to learn the hard way .  im just afraid to see what the hard way is #change2016	1
probably .  hes fancy like that	0
waaaaiting ,  waiting ,  waaaaiting . 	0
ive never been as nervous about shooting anything like i am about the scene im shooting tomorrow .  its so intense . 	1
going going going gone	2
going going going gone	4
thank you!	0
two weeks from now yall be ready lit lit	2
i really just want two egg rolls	0
babe is going to see finding dory without me today	1
pick a number .  double it .  add 8 .  divide it in half .  subtract the 1st number you picked from the one you have now .  4 . 	0
i aint never met a boy like you ,  and youll never find a girl like me	0
i is feel lost without my phone	1
i miss what i was one year before #abkiyakarun	1
caras bod whattttttt #loveisland	1
if youre not english speaking white person youre basically screwed	0
faxts	1
talking to ryan "whats your cousins last name ? " "idk she got married to a guy with a different last name than ours" i hope so	0
i think so	1
curry with the lay up sealed the deal #dubnation	0
the problem is you .  uh i mean yours ,  maybe	1
tryna be on tv wit da hd	0
nah .  he joining after #euro2016 just asked them to follow me .  oh ,  well can dream .  cant hurt to ask	0
osaro is living my life	1
you actually cant be serious ,  take him in properly	0
ready to go to pr and miami this summer	1
loving the glow in the avi	0
these tweets are so annoying	0
my cable only has one time for me (pacific standard) ,  so i have to wait 3 hours . 	0
im so proud im a fifers	0
sore	1
sore	4
reeva s .  a life stolen too soon #oscarpistorius	1
if you take a long time to write me back multiple times ill delete your number	0
ha lips was loose but she a beast wit the head girl you wasnt shit but you made sure shit stayed wet	0
ha lips was loose but she a beast wit the head girl you wasnt shit but you made sure shit stayed wet	0
my bad i see that now i just saw happy birthday but happy early/ late birthday	0
my bad i see that now i just saw happy birthday but happy early/ late birthday	0
my bad i see that now i just saw happy birthday but happy early/ late birthday	2
my bad i see that now i just saw happy birthday but happy early/ late birthday	5
my bad i see that now i just saw happy birthday but happy early/ late birthday	1
youre lame . 	0
watching 13 going on 30	0
i wish i could come	1
(ganda mo eh) sige ,  ill see u in bed	0
all this stuff im bout to order for lailah im ready for her birthday to come & go . 	3
all this stuff im bout to order for lailah im ready for her birthday to come & go . 	5
having minor hypochondriac moments re my wisdom teeth #help #badtiming	2
having minor hypochondriac moments re my wisdom teeth #help #badtiming	5
i did the whole front & a row in the back  .  .  . 	1
happy fathers day lol	0
ill miss you too have fun babe	1
no ,  if theres an opportunity grab it lol!	0
happy birthday beautiful	0
simba bc that kat is me	0
sweaaaaar being called babygirl is the bessst	1
toilet seats in this cold weather	1
a perfect relationship is nt perfect ,  its just that both people never give up	0
for a min there i was wondering why kylie on my ig feed but damn that aint no kylie	0
seconds!! im good!	0
seconds!! im good!	3
living history & improv sounds like a great conference session! alhfam17 maybe ? 	0
i am prepared for all the memes to come #betawards	0
i do like the sound of that	0
loool im ready to be a sugar baby	0
watch him this game !	0
so much packing tomorrow	4
lmao ,  ik you love me	0
heads up ,  they dont understand	1
thank you	0
yaasss they develop a golden hue when under the sunlight too t_t thanks for this brown eyes appreciating time with me	1
its okay ,  maybe ill have to come visit sometime	0
happy birthday murielski!!! see you around	0
hangovers just turn you off drinking ,  until the next day when youre hangover free	0
well this week has been shitty now my dog has a tumor	1
well done annie .  how were the hills ? 	3
well done annie .  how were the hills ? 	5
as am i . 	0
beta phele france se india toh chali ja then you can ask him all you want	0
thanks ,  man .  thinking ill get to work on it after summer .  few things to finish first . 	0
do i need to clarify that ? 	0
cant wait to see him go somewhere and get destroyed by the iowa line and eno!	3
cant wait to see him go somewhere and get destroyed by the iowa line and eno!	5
good point	0
i thought the same thing our fat asses	0
i thought the same thing our fat asses	1
i said not a word ,  but scared him ,  nonetheless .  that boy wore it all day yesterday ,  even tho i told him not to! kids .  .  .  dont have any . 	2
insomnia go away! peteks .  having a bad night . 	0
no beach today	2
no beach today	4
but i am excited about the nursing program at suscc	0
babes still sleep and i want her to wake up	1
gabby wabby i miss and love you so much and someday i will see you again	0
gabby wabby i miss and love you so much and someday i will see you again	0
a junebug went in my mitas hair and its literally the funniest thing ive ever witnessed	0
dont ask me anything if i just ate food just got my pussy ate or just went make up ill say yes to pretty much anything	0
dont ask me anything if i just ate food just got my pussy ate or just went make up ill say yes to pretty much anything	2
dont ask me anything if i just ate food just got my pussy ate or just went make up ill say yes to pretty much anything	4
dont ask me anything if i just ate food just got my pussy ate or just went make up ill say yes to pretty much anything	1
at its finest	0
lol shit might as well they too good to not get none	0
im back & im better	0
but but thats a new place wifi xde ?  ? 	0
i dont listen to anyone  .  if you tell me to not do something im going to do it no matter what !	0
dont get robbed	0
binge watching while working on a new app .  just to let the stupid in the world amuse me #bestshowever #hashtag	0
happy birthday angel	0
my dad came home from his workout and said "my planks arent what they use to be" i said mine either .  he goes im lucky to get 3 mins .  .  ok	0
girls always have excuses not to hangout	0
me din introduce urself nanaman shet	0
me din introduce urself nanaman shet	1
do you call yourself muslims but u r killing innocent muslims in ramadan ?  #istanbul #prayforistanbul #prayfortheworld #islamispeace	1
pick a new one mate i dont need it	0
its the last week of school and i still struggle to get out of bed	1
please dont annoy me when its hot as fuck outside .  you will get dawged . 	0
youll end up real if you think people will do for you as you do for them . not everyone have the same you	1
its very ironic when you saw their tweets but they dont reply your mentions	0
too bad hes mine	1
praying for everyone in orlando	1
the steps arent counted when i wear that and i like having all that data in one place	0
not yet ready for that kind of thing .  .  .  maybe after 10 yrs	0
// captain obvious	0
such a cruel horrible world we live in	1
awwwwwl shit	0
lol i said going .  .  . as in getting ready .  .  .  #gottastartsomewhere	0
slept . 	1
getting tight	4
i hope the sixers draft we really need him we need a good ass point guard ,  but i bet they blow it	2
i hope the sixers draft we really need him we need a good ass point guard ,  but i bet they blow it	4
namish just a small question .  .  why you ignore hemish tweets ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  pls reply no more questions i promise	1
i wasnt suppose to sleep this late	1
cleaned up my whole house .  i feel complete & refreshed now	0
just noticing all these bruises	0
not alkwan	0
i doubt myself a lot sometimes because of no reason at all .  thats where i fuck up . 	2
i doubt myself a lot sometimes because of no reason at all .  thats where i fuck up . 	4
finna be up all night again what is wrong with me  ? 	1
finna be up all night again what is wrong with me  ? 	1
shut ya mouth cornball	0
- both - friends but more like sister - dunno uhm minnie mouse ?  - no - youre v honest but thats also a good thing	2
my fly was down all day at work and i didnt even notice thanks obama	1
people are so funny .  stop staring in my car before i ya ass	0
when someone says something that kills the whole vibe	2
when someone says something that kills the whole vibe	4
#honestyhour i think everybody i fw trying to play me ,  my trust ina negative	2
#honestyhour i think everybody i fw trying to play me ,  my trust ina negative	4
gurkeerat singh .  lol .  rishi dhawan .  bigger lol .  just bring back stuart binny lads . 	0
gurkeerat singh .  lol .  rishi dhawan .  bigger lol .  just bring back stuart binny lads . 	0
starting to miss nashville shows and parties again	1
great show tonight and amazing crowd tonight	0
ah thanks love ya	0
i want a lil boo!	2
i want a lil boo!	4
got my baby back	0
fast and furious marathon	0
good morning to you kind sir!	0
i think so too	0
ive been doing hair this whole weekend	1
anyone else watch #loveisland and think sod the diet lol	0
some of the pics of you on snapchat	0
feeling proud -an amazing y7 transition day this week .  amazing colleagues-highlight ?  the chemistry department & their fire and explosions	0
sad thing is  .  .  if i go im probably go do the same thing i do here cause im that lame	1
ha not a chance	0
i would come get ya .  .  but i already been that way	1
it is hotter than satans ass crack ,  outside!	1
ill dm you my tidal info if you need it	0
if i pay any of you guys mind sef den i fool .  siafoa!	0
im stubborn as hell idc	0
hi baby missyou	0
that is so funny	1
am i the only one starting to stress about paying for clark #cau20	1
oh apparently the mcdonalds in my town isnt	0
having a job and still trying to have a fun summer is such a hard task	2
having a job and still trying to have a fun summer is such a hard task	4
kevin and perry go large is the weirdest bloody film ive ever seen	0
love you too . 	1
yes i am	1
- kicks me out all the time .  i always think its a sign i should be #writing . 	0
lol hell yeah! hope youre doing well since we last saw each other	0
nobody want hire me & i need a job	0
nobody want hire me & i need a job	1
think we might get the result of the referendum declared invalid on the back of this gross abuse of democracy ? 	0
thank you so are you	0
aw then we definitely have to soon!	1
if i can be half the pg irving is ill be set	0
i really want some donuts	1
a for effort . 	0
underwater world! i cant play for clubs if i want to play for sch ill come back when i graduate wait for meeeeee	1
all of this defending megan has got some wheels turning which can only turn out good	0
i know!!! i got to be like "my co-worker wrote this"	0
i wonder what everybody getting me for my birthday	0
squad going up on a tuesday if you aint bout that money i dont want to talk put your left foot in ,  put your left foot out	2
i hope that person doesnt have to tie his/her roller skates	2
i hope that person doesnt have to tie his/her roller skates	5
when u know u only hv to score 26% out of 100% to pass .  lekluu tawakal tido	0
she know im a beast in every angle  ,  you can call me kurt  . 	2
hahahaha thank you sir!!	0
ew i have work tomorrow	4
thanks you maybe ill find my way into that gamma groupme	0
awe are you suffering .  .  i may have a slight one also .  well you hit the nail on the head and i couldnt agree more . 	0
awe are you suffering .  .  i may have a slight one also .  well you hit the nail on the head and i couldnt agree more . 	0
awe are you suffering .  .  i may have a slight one also .  well you hit the nail on the head and i couldnt agree more . 	0
i cant stand camillas voice dude she sounds like shes whining to me and thats why i cant listen	1
fucking blending! #makeup	2
i dont know what i did to get so lucky ,  but jesus christ i am lucky as hell . 	0
whats this chicken wth watermelon i aint never in my life heard bout that	0
again with my bandmates .  .  but until that day ,  ill keep the spirit going! i invite you to come see me on my upcoming "infinity gauntlet	0
big greasy keeeeebab wouldnt go a miss right now	1
yes very mutual	0
trust me its too high pitched	0
im proud of me too thank you	0
im so bored but i dont want to spend money to do anything	1
my hair in a different style every day	0
ahahaha i thought so . 	0
true and really were just having a therapy session	0
georgina = fuming andy = cry baby jayne = hurt evelyn = moron	1
georgina = fuming andy = cry baby jayne = hurt evelyn = moron	2
georgina = fuming andy = cry baby jayne = hurt evelyn = moron	1
awwwwn thank you so much you too frfr	0
awwwwn thank you so much you too frfr	0
awwwwn thank you so much you too frfr	0
awwwwn thank you so much you too frfr	1
cute	0
im chill sir just telling you what you needed to hear	0
haha funny you say that .  went bcn yday and was the 2 i can imagine !!	0
i wanna take a day trio to ny	0
my cg heart	1
she good!!!! wow! vivian #thevoicenigeria #thevoicenigerialive	0
i know maybe ill work something out with the blonde	0
i know maybe ill work something out with the blonde	1
i know maybe ill work something out with the blonde	1
currently obsessing over garden roses	0
thank god youve arrived safely .  ily dad	0
or you could look at my calendar and schedule me around it like you get paid to do	2
or you could look at my calendar and schedule me around it like you get paid to do	4
not rn im on the part where jim dies so i really dont care about the ghost i just care about jim	0
not rn im on the part where jim dies so i really dont care about the ghost i just care about jim	1
these instagram adds got me downloading all types of apps	1
but you know damn well everybody swinging the same time you do ,  aint no passing bihh	0
thank you t-mobile for making me lose signal in the middle of my drive & causing maps to quit & making me get lost for over a hour	2
two more days of work  ,  then im off	0
lebron a fucking crybaby	0
what the heck taetae	0
i read it as "what bitch ? !"	0
thanks babes	0
i want some pupusas	1
cruise in the lambo	0
eyes now lisa ,  eyes	1
happy birthday brea!!! hope its a good one	0
also ,  c is taking me shopping and then to dinner at a place his family goes for special events like birthdays and im like	3
also ,  c is taking me shopping and then to dinner at a place his family goes for special events like birthdays and im like	5
ty ,  have a great weekend!	0
akehe sepiro to wes	0
i get too carried away	0
cant wait for the meetup!	0
listening to drake-fire & desire is good for the soul	0
love you lots	0
we just saw dolphins while eating our dinner and jensyn literally cried	0
gm stef .  have an awesome sunday!	0
sad times! however ,  to make you happy ive just seen you need 1 more follower to reach 1 , 000 .  .  .  . happy to oblige	0
what an amazing night ,  s/o for for being weird with me ily!!	0
now button it savage	0
how am i only finding out that will be in denver next month ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?  day made!	0
tyler can get it	0
no bitch	0
all these bitches but my eyes on you	0
well be sending more invites soon ,  caleb! your dreams may become a reality before you know it . 	0
i hate water but i know i need to start drinking it	1
im acting like i dont have to be up at 6am	0
work	0
#enlaescuelayo #byetoschool con x4	0
in the middle of nowhere . 	4
confirmed my worst fears unfortunately . 	1
malapit na mag-monday i cant wait for monday because we #chooselove	0
malapit na mag-monday i cant wait for monday because we #chooselove	1
was that actually that persons dad cause yo look at this	1
dont know how im supposed to study when its 31 degrees outside	0
omg yay a greek directioner	0
im taking it rn! i just took the quiz so i was gonna ask if you needed my account or anything	0
thank u sweetheart	0
looking for 4 tickets for coldplay wembley stadium .  .  .  . 	0
its been 3 days	1
might throw acouple 1s	0
haha enjoy your beer	0
all for some dick .  .  .  ok	0
literally so do i! its the only thing that saves me!	0
first day this summer i didnt see john	1
nap up bitch	0
why you so upset ?  throwing slugs at me does nothing i just simply said chill its not that deep	1
alcohol	0
yessss! yumm yumm	0
yep .  im very busy with a holiday as from next week	0
nothing better than being with my baby	0
lol yeah but i just wanted to addressing it sorry	0
lmao why if you dont mind me asking	0
all the baddies cuffed this summer i dont mind being a side nigga	0
all the baddies cuffed this summer i dont mind being a side nigga	1
running in the morning always puts me in a good mood	0
solved!	0
oh thankyou very much! and i love you too!	0
sadly i would	0
and you ,  you will stay in my heart as i knew from the start	1
i feel like i just took the act yesterday and now im about to take again	1
thank youu	0
21 guns - green day	0
lol "booty playlist"	0
youre v pretty and seem really funny! but we dont talk	0
took me 45 minutes to get to exeter today when it usual takes me 10	3
took me 45 minutes to get to exeter today when it usual takes me 10	5
literally hate myself for having more faith	1
oh my god how fucking cute i want one so bad	0
oh my god how fucking cute i want one so bad	1
every time i feel comfortable and secure enough to bring up your name in conversations again ,  you dominate my dreams .  no fair	1
which one .  .  .  ? 	0
2 more days!	0
start my new shift tonight	0
ive found myself procrastinating a lot recently when i should be editing photos .  ive found that john williams music is helping me focus	0
im not that bad . 	0
all done count me in i love jellybelly the tastes are exploding in your mouth	0
always craving money	1
my ocd kicks in when i get to doing things and i get lost	1
im about to real life fight this mosquito at my job	1
*flipping	0
when i say this ,  its the honest to god truth ,  but i smoked like 6 grams yesterday by myself	1
i wish!! they sell everything frozen im so mad bc my dad brought me eat n park and they have them there and i forgot	0
i wish!! they sell everything frozen im so mad bc my dad brought me eat n park and they have them there and i forgot	1
imagine if beauty was determined by someones personality .  like if u became a better person u became prettier .  that would be interesting . 	0
hey ,  tell me how it is ,  i guess! but aww ,  id love to chat about orrick! that sweetie needs some story and development .  .  . 	0
when you realize you have to get up and go to work in the morning	1
& me with you	0
i know i just got a new tattoo but im already ready for a new one	1
yes ,  im running away from some shitty things behind  .  so back off  . 	0
blessed jayla phone	0
cooking some tomorrow on the grill have some	0
happy birthdayy	0
your cheebs are too cute . 	0
entrain de regarder le new video clip a j . t .  * cant stop the feeling .  pareille comme happy de pharrell williams ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ben deçu !!	1
oh yeah!	0
me u & hennesy	2
finally #centralintelligence	0
i never actually realised that! i guess i lost myself in the music too much to even notice . 	0
this sucks	1
french boys have so much swag	0
the same person has added me on fb 3 times in the past week #takethehint	0
thanks ladies for the kind words	0
in todays awakened & well-aware world ,  social media can play vital role in liberating a community ;  but not a paid smt . 	0
its gonna happen and it will haunt you every night starting tomorrow	0
calm down about these blocks lebron is 68 ,  curry is 62	0
 .  . thank you papai for being there for mama jodz always tisoy team jodian team chingyan te…	0
doing not much today except for going for a walk down to shinjuku .  ddrm live later around the corner of our hotel	0
clearly overrated	0
he signed a new contract though	1
ok ,  if youre sure .  do you have your passport ?  # just asking x	0
happy birthday jace!!! i hope today is amazing like you deserve!! and i will def make sure i see you this summer	0
i had one show up when i had 10 minutes left before the film dropped .  theyre the worst	1
i have the worst headache ever and i feel like throwing up and dying at the same time	1
exhausted	4
i would but everyone has their friend and almost everyone picks them over me ,  lol .  but ill go ,  maybe . 	0
chick fil a split me and jaslyn up on purpose this week and its her last week	1
all em d1 bound niggas accounts on private now ?  its too late for allat ,  they already got screenshots	0
7 days in a row of	3
-let me enjoy my free time in the office	1
dont be surprised ha si visa ya mere expire na murtala	0
i finally met my boyfriends dad and it wasnt as scary as i thought itd me	0
dreia been my bf nobody ever tearing us apart	0
happy birthday	0
stop this olitz feels on my tl its too early for this kind of attack love you olitz twin	0
stop this olitz feels on my tl its too early for this kind of attack love you olitz twin	1
im so tired	1
houston today dallas monday huntsville thursday austin friday back to nac saturday	1
shit sucks	2
shit sucks	4
si angel ang assumera! them talking about love .  its like the blind leading the blind #dolceamorejustsayyes	0
thank you vicky i hope your doing good	0
ugh same wish i could visit you every other weekend  .  . 	1
nooooo! kats account is gone! thank you for your service! looking forward to continued communication on	1
no chill	0
im off	1
my son pool party tomorrow cant wait	0
darn have fun at camp though!	1
im impressed that you actually ate it!!!	0
jin mommy ?  have nice weekend too mom	0
im just tryna go to cp	1
i feel like my equilibrium is off man ,  like my homeostasis as all wack rn	1
i havent done any	0
injection day tomorrow y so weak rang	1
thank you! appreciate it	0
stop	0
i got shravan bhaiya on my side	0
no worries ,  im happy gaming for now . 	0
young nigga wit plenty sense	0
you must miss me too	1
if im free yas	0
sis  ?  i see the resemblance ol crazy muhfuckas  .  .  thats just sad	0
pillowtalk	0
this is why i sayang you thank you for bein there for me	0
lets go tomorrow	0
its just so annoying & completely rude . 	2
its just so annoying & completely rude . 	4
so fucking embarrassed	1
i cant wait for 4th of july when they fly over the beach	0
said by everyone whos ever been in your presence when youve put on that song	0
hell yeaah since the game sucks ,  might as well check them out	0
keep going lah	1
awww you did it im proud of you big head im really sorry i missed it	0
awww you did it im proud of you big head im really sorry i missed it	1
awww you did it im proud of you big head im really sorry i missed it	1
these awards after beyoncé and kendrick .  thank you for putting up with my excessive tweets/rts .  goodnight twitter . 	0
(1/2) so this just happened - my mumma just said "you went to far when you were begging on your knees .  .  . to go watch aurora in bergen"	0
the way i just read that	1
dem shyt they still hiring ? 	1
toll free not reachable dikha rha hai .  . 	0
wow my bathroom looks clean af go me! you left out the throw up all over the floor next to you	0
yeaaah i hope so too! especially bc they didnt use umbrellas for the concert performances	1
lost out on loads	1
the last time i felt this way was in 2013 whats going on with me	0
the last time i felt this way was in 2013 whats going on with me	1
awsum	0
gareth bale what a strike ,  take a bow .  #wal	3
already dreading going to work tomorrow	1
lol incest humans are nasty	4
goodmorning off to school .  ingat us .  #olfu #abm11-3	0
goodmorning off to school .  ingat us .  #olfu #abm11-3	0
i just wanna know do the girl wanna fight cant nobody have him	0
phone is at 20% and theres no outlets by where the wifi works	1
phone is at 20% and theres no outlets by where the wifi works	4
mom just came to my room saying "wakey wakey i got you something" what a motivation	0
i found its cute when someone called me "paa" too	0
travel bukas .  yesss!!!	0
sometimes i get sick when i think nvm	4
happy friday hope everyone is gearing up for a great weekend - and if youre heading to please travel s…	0
two televisions .  thats the key	0
ye mate .  only going for 2 and a bit weeks but renting a car and going to san fran ,  la ,  and vegas	0
yasssssssss creds to me for the name	0
hi luke you can finally follow please this is my dont ignore me x3 , 140	0
hi luke you can finally follow please this is my dont ignore me x3 , 140	1
i bought pictures of every single event of my senior year and theyre just in a bag	1
monetary items will work for my birthday	0
wryd with your life	0
it feels disgusting outside .  like its repulsively hot ,  and im so no okay with it	3
me too i get my bestfriend back	0
i like ayesha curry but the nba cuts them checks boo soo shhh on talking about the games rigged	1
not trynna stay in tonight	1
i guess imma just have to hit asia with a pillow cause shes on her stupid stuff today	0
i need another tattoo	1
a chicken shit deferment jockey like donnie never defended america from anything . 	0
would you follow me ?  yes or yes ?  please plus .  .  .  im waiting for new music of you!	0
would you follow me ?  yes or yes ?  please plus .  .  .  im waiting for new music of you!	0
would you follow me ?  yes or yes ?  please plus .  .  .  im waiting for new music of you!	1
four hour flight then ill be back in la! i cant wait to see	0
really bad	3
really bad	5
who can i pull up on im bored	0
i want some bucharest & subway	1
imagine if i didnt say something  ,  wouldnt none of yall saying something !	4
#gameofthrones last episode	2
#gameofthrones last episode	4
highly tempted right now	0
aye but rs	2
my twitter crush has a crush on my friend ulife unjalo ke	0
my poor baby always gets the hiccups	1
i think of veronica everytime i hear some1 say "brasciole" .  .  . "gah bless her" #grampasal #betterinthemorning	0
idk she was just floating one day	1
lol .  beautiful	0
youre so welcome ann!! im really proud of you! a lot of congratss!! yess ,  im great ,  just finished my 4th year	0
youre so welcome ann!! im really proud of you! a lot of congratss!! yess ,  im great ,  just finished my 4th year	0
this gif always makes me giggle a little	0
klay better than steph i swear	0
and apperanlty i never take your feelings into consideration when i hang out with mine but okay love	0
send me the pictures we took	1
guys that still open doors for you and let you go first are definitely keepers	0
been aboutcha & im stil aboutcha	0
ask your friend	0
my back is killing me	1
so ready for round 2	2
song goes hard	0
missed how much food there is at family parties	1
napoleon just went nuts he didnt even shake cydonias hand	0
napoleon just went nuts he didnt even shake cydonias hand	1
oooooh damn ,  i didnt know bout this !	1
i need a cut	0
cr7 "bad game" is cos he is not popping in goals #levels	0
guess im going to atlanta  . 	2
thanks cousin love you too	0
am down and u ask me why	2
am down and u ask me why	4
im loving our layout #veranomtv2016 5 seconds of summer ~shaina	0
i dont like pretending at all .  i wont lie to make you feel better about yourself .  nyolz is nyolz . 	1
im not sure .  ill let you know when i get there	0
lmao so many names .  but since my fav wjsn is xiao ,  i will call you that!	0
swear my appetite has gotten outta hand like i can eat & be hungry again bout a hour later	0
i got a dentist appointment tomorrow	1
no to the pepperspray	0
crossfit	2
crossfit	4
pram shopping today .  .  .  sweet baby jesus ive bought cheaper cars	1
yes of course	0
yeah she is	1
you dooooooo and you need a whooping	2
im insanely excited for your new content	0
watching soundcheck is so amazing	1
its all good	0
sleep schedule is so messed up	1
mind yours	1
i wish	0
ohhh bby	1
let them be proactive!	0
thanks so much!	0
ion think i ever had fruits from winn dixie	1
this is like the fourth bald lady ive seen tonight	0
i be riding around listening to dangerously in love like im really in love with somebody	0
i blame you two ,  i was a nice boy	0
your edges still there doeeeee but thanks thooo	0
when she says you sound a lot like	2
when she says you sound a lot like	4
everyone needs a friend like me	0
everybody making hoe threads	0
this is not going well	0
ok whos prank calling me tho	0
dont knock em till you try em	0
+ tumblr = funny	0
i can bring u to caa- caffeine addicts anonymous if u wish	0
she didnt know i was on the same page . 	0
omg all i ate today was a marucha and a mango	1
9:30pm .  goodnight	0
what ? 	0
my head hurt  ,  my stomach hurt  ,  my chest hurt also hurts right now	1
its been eight years since mj passed away	1
i get so happy when tupac play on the radio	0
you mean wasted	3
you mean wasted	5
happy birthday	0
bieber is hot & all but his dj tho .  .  . 	0
thats because hes in every scene she has unless its with haychel ,  and no one wants to talk about haychel . 	0
when the guy from the pupuseria knows me by now every time i come get pupusas	0
#simbanightin mmm ,  im thinking prosecco ,  takeaway ,  pampering and a boxset!	0
boy you got that bomb thing know i cant resist ima light some candles boy then tie up ya wrist	0
its like people think rules dont apply to them . 	2
its like people think rules dont apply to them . 	4
good morning you to have a great saturday	0
this the worst l i took cuz i no im being played	1
i always wake up without clothes	0
sturridge .  .  .  .  fucking sturridge!!!!!! selfish cunt	2
i always thought pirlo was italian	0
he is a good coach ,  but has he ever won a series in australia ? 	0
cute!	0
going to a party friday and saturday idc	0
no offspring	0
i gotchu	0
people who are good at heart are always used up by the people with a sharp brain  .  . 	0
omg okay although i dont really no where that is or what they have there lol	0
finally on my way to oc #sweek2016	2
nooo i dont have enough to re buy	2
nooo i dont have enough to re buy	4
happy fathers day to my zaddy	0
europe in 2 days	0
shes going to have anything wants growing up if her parents dont give it to her i will	0
no way really why didnt you say something i didnt see you yes july 16 we outs disneyland	0
no way really why didnt you say something i didnt see you yes july 16 we outs disneyland	1
one of the prettiest light skins i know	0
leaving the barbershop then cooking	1
everyone neglecting me	2
everyone neglecting me	4
i literally posted a pic of my brother on snapchat & have people asking if its my new "boy" people are ridiculous	0
i dont know what i want to wear to my fashion show	1
#imamuitmperlis save the date for the qiam jamaie details in prev tweet	0
cocoa ,  rock salt and cheese arent what id expect to sicken me .  .  . 	0
omg where na ?  ? 	0
in a mood	0
lol ,  im still trying to figure out who that white boy is .  i kinda feel like tory is past the list . 	0
my friends talking in a group message on ig and i seen the message all late but one of these idiots named the group "delivertttt thots"	0
summer school is going to ruin my summer break	4
cant speak on it without credentials	0
idk why but this is hilarious	0
fuck around sip my cup ,  you aint gonna do nothing but nod	0
work stack stay out the way	0
but i cant ,  ive been lectured everyday since the last week of school about finishing this reading project	1
omg i thought i was the only one who thought this like wtf	0
damn that left nasty af	2
super	0
praying to god to give me the patience that those who watch nigerian movies possess	0
i want ios10	1
thanks homie miss you bro .  .  lets link up soon	0
oh trying to run through one  ? 	0
i miss my dad everyday but he was there .  .  happy fathers day pops your memory still lives on .  17 years without you and its been hard	0
sitting here thinking .  really cant believe this boy real life said i was his "baby" wtf i barely know him	0
if this bitch asiah actually comes up with 300 dimes	0
good	0
miss my girlfriend	1
enter me in #jendiygiveaway hope i win this can check my first post here to prove that my post is all about this giveaway 1 , 613	1
at least i tried	1
i have to pack and wash my hair	1
i hung up my petty crown a long time ago .  .  .  . but i can still dust it off	0
when i get a fresh retwist i do the weave dance	0
relax	0
of course both my chargers are broken	1
of course both my chargers are broken	4
how shit is it not being able to sleep	1
50 dead and 53 injured  ?  thats just nonsense #prayfororlando and all those families	3
50 dead and 53 injured  ?  thats just nonsense #prayfororlando and all those families	5
really should be asleep but im not even tired	0
hopefully everything turn out good & fair	1
when you think youre having a nice conversation and then they hit you with the hookup talk	2
when you think youre having a nice conversation and then they hit you with the hookup talk	4
reunited since high school	0
no .  i had pizza for dinner .  it was delish . 	0
awwww hunny im sorry it didnt tag you at the top  ,  i thought it had	1
always fronting for twitter smh	0
im not getting my zootopia until next week	1
you da only one that i see in da crowd .  beauty queen status know you make ya momma proud	0
this game stressed me out so much i got a migraine .  .  . 	1
hokage moves pamore heneral luna	0
& now we out startn our day	0
& now we out startn our day	0
shh dont tell everyone	0
i love when we bbq #hawkinsave . 	1
a country with roughly the same population as lexington ,  ky tied cristiano ronaldo and portugal unbelievable .  .  . 	3
a country with roughly the same population as lexington ,  ky tied cristiano ronaldo and portugal unbelievable .  .  . 	5
edc day 2	0
its some	0
wake board day tomorrow!!!	5
will never know why i worry so much	1
is the best house wife lol	0
my heart i love you so much	1
i have 2 men banging in my bedroom!! #carpetfittersarehere	0
hustle with vultures late night	0
sheila e still look good	0
itd surely help if he stopped hiding behind the biggest bully and have some balls to speak up for himself	1
right ?  ive been with him for a week and every time i look at him i forget	0
that shit hurt the one in my ear closed up too	0
ben calhoun from	0
followed	0
coffeville community college football camp was great! learned a lot from i ready to get on the field	2
ready für cologne in october .  cant wait to see you again	0
get outta here	0
can you rt this link (below) ,  please ?  thanks!	0
youre welcome hope yours is going well	0
i was so gone i apologize lmao	1
i was so gone i apologize lmao	1
pls dont	1
is this what i think it is hahaha can i tag along ? 	3
anays have their own bs .  . they even changed their poster para bumenta:unamused_face:no buyers wen m was crop…	2
anays have their own bs .  . they even changed their poster para bumenta:unamused_face:no buyers wen m was crop…	4
i swear once i get these angles all together ima fuck somebody snap up so bad its so many	0
i swear once i get these angles all together ima fuck somebody snap up so bad its so many	1
i swear once i get these angles all together ima fuck somebody snap up so bad its so many	1
comfortable cursing in front of my mom or even on facebook lmfao . 	0
#freecheesefriday #follow + to #win #mondaymotivation	0
girl ,  this is nothingggg .  you gotta see his snapchats . 	1
so glad i dont work tomorrow	0
im not proud of myself at all .  shit sad	1
goodmorning	0
looks like you have gotten quite good at it . 	0
happy dj	0
happy birthday!!	0
so super happy for you! im sure it was a lot of hard work ,  but its paying off! from an aspiring writer to a…	0
me too	1
my baby back on the road we literally spent no more than 8hrs together	2
my baby back on the road we literally spent no more than 8hrs together	4
starting a workout regime with my best friend	0
happy b-day gaby	0
i was heading down that obese road i left just in time	1
on behalf of my classmates  ,  im sorry tcer i know that you cant read this but this is the only thing i can do .  i feel guilty .  forgive	1
on behalf of my classmates  ,  im sorry tcer i know that you cant read this but this is the only thing i can do .  i feel guilty .  forgive	1
and now its 10 .  ive officially been laying here an hour trying	1
i must admit i think my last changed me	1
i must admit i think my last changed me	1
did u see my last tweet on my profil  ? 	0
just gotta keep praying	1
willing my washer to be finished by 7:55 because i need to leave for a drs appt . 	3
willing my washer to be finished by 7:55 because i need to leave for a drs appt . 	5
me too . 	0
its ok lol	0
lol idk but im going crazy in my house rn ! everybodys posting pics with family but mines all out of town	2
lol idk but im going crazy in my house rn ! everybodys posting pics with family but mines all out of town	4
awh your header is so cute	0
no! find your own .  .  .  .  . 	0
i know i aint the only one that can just look at a nigga n tell if he got some good just by the way he walk naw fr tho	0
sure my g was an arsenal fan forget liverpool #ontopictalkshow	0
even when there wasnt a question obv they dont even know how hardcore you are! silly ,  small men	0
even when there wasnt a question obv they dont even know how hardcore you are! silly ,  small men	1
so excited for to get here for the 4th weekend	0
europe what europeans you know . 	0
green apple gatorades	0
what does it mean	0
happy birthday ugly folks	2
sooooooo #edclv pass anyone  ? 	0
have a great show!!	0
great photo guys! have fun!!!	0
its fun	0
real true talent . 	0
doing me over with for that faithful	0
"im just laying down"	0
your favourite snapchat filter is back!! more videos please! #bradford	0
fats had the waiting soon as i hit the door	0
clench the	0
exactly	0
but .  .  .  it was more than him whole game	1
ahhhhaaaaa that dude needs to come over to my place too!! #cleanaway thats funny	0
youre all mad	0
#tlgonedge pleasee ive been waiting a year and a half x29	1
my heart goes out to the victims and their families	1
honestly tbh jongins interactions w his kim brothers r my fav ok just being honest here	1
i feel you bro	0
do great & have fun today	0
you too darling!	0
when will i meet my gu hai	1
thx but dont forget ,  im player too	0
nope	0
dont even know anymore	1
seeing as that was the point of discussion ,  in this case yes	0
am i not worth the wait ?  chaaarr	0
am i not worth the wait ?  chaaarr	1
if you dont fwm thats cool	0
going to see	0
bro ight	1
in desperate need for new makeup	1
if someone tries to make me feel guilty one more fucking time . 	4
and we are sooo lonely without our residents of purgatory!	1
my room looks like a garden with all these flowers	0
mate that video on facebook of that tubby wench riding a bloke in a park while her kid sits next to her is mad fucked	0
thank you petal! im so not lucky to have you .  im blessed . 	0
thank you petal! im so not lucky to have you .  im blessed . 	0
keep ya eyes open boy aint no lackin homie	3
keep ya eyes open boy aint no lackin homie	5
the most painful thing about dealing with death is that no matter how much you cry or weep ,  nothing you do will bring them back	1
all caps for attention! ? 	0
tiffanie dont love me anymore	1
really want some ice	1
after my birthday ,  im waiting on august for my baby shower and then september so my son can show his face . 	0
a break ?  vanessa doesnt look happy at all! #backstagetv	1
a break ?  vanessa doesnt look happy at all! #backstagetv	4
thats what i call a game of football with the best team wining	0
more gorg than me eat a loooooooooooot	0
the most frustrating point in life is not knowing what to do next .  .  so you do nothing	1
im soooooooooo tired right now	1
why is sushi so good	0
not tall like me lol theyre way too short on me	1
me too	0
ill get out once i finish getting it in	0
said it best "ion care if she aint fine if she gotta lil ass imma hit her from behind #comehere" ht…	0
she aint fwm	2
she aint fwm	4
i hate when i make a snap and forget to save it	1
damn im praying for you	0
in japan its called biohazard resident evil	0
cold stone or krispy kreme sounds so bomb rn	1
just had an emotional moment with my dad ,  that man is amazing happy fathers day to all the remarkable fathers out there	1
bellaqueame am	0
yes .  . !!! up to now wahahaha #aldubiyamin14days	0
the flash ? 	0
thats exactly why i do you like this	0
ive been on ft a lot lately	0
all the h20 today !	0
just spent 20 minutes cooking soufflés for one to jump out the oven and land on the floor #gutted	1
oh ,  youre describing our last days of august	0
i seriously need to stop going to i find myself in there way to often	1
i will cry	1
upset i missed graduation	1
today was great .  i wish i had a boy to eat all this food w/	1
i cant believe kids really experience this	1
and i know you cant go that soon	2
and i know you cant go that soon	4
nba did draymond dirty . 	0
ah kiyu pink addicted	0
avoid disappointments ,  by expecting nothing .  #yesyesyes	0
for sure .  i love recommendations	0
just spreading the banter mate ,  as you would do also	0
eat one for me!	1
& second of all why would i want to be like you dont wanna be dumb bitch like you	0
i just want the beach	1
happy birthday many many happy returns of the day .  hope our queen will wish u n this special day h…	0
i feel you	1
happy birthday!to a good friend	0
cameron is not having it with these shots	1
its rained everyday since i moved here	2
its rained everyday since i moved here	4
girl he was a little ass kid lol i was a little pissed tho	0
my last starburst	1
oh le but #turcro	0
chanyeols kissing scene #exo #chanyeol	1
goodnight guysss . 	0
iftar needs to hurry	1
does that bitch ever quit ?  go somewhere	2
does that bitch ever quit ?  go somewhere	4
last night was perfect	0
youre really pretty & we talked a little when it was ruths 15 hmu more !	1
youre really pretty & we talked a little when it was ruths 15 hmu more !	0
haha! yes for me ,  no for thanks sayaang ,  i love you so much	0
i getssss no luv	1
oitnb comes out this friday yasss	1
i b up dead ass early tho	1
she already moved	1
back to cali	0
oml im finna just bug up on everybody ass	4
happy birthday bby and i gotcha	2
#peopleunderestimatemy quick wit cause 90% of the time i over think things	0
follow me back	2
follow me back	4
ik but ive been waiting forever!!! why didnt you say anything  ?  oh cause youre fake  . 	1
hate it when pauls on lates	1
it was lovely ,  thanks for coming over	0
shorty you deserve what u been missin	0
rien	1
toniii time	0
thanks for following	0
to send the text or to not send the text	1
ur layout is cute ya brat	0
need 1	2
need 1	5
i call everybody a bitch its just the way i am	1
happy birthday uri pinche viejito no mames ttfu	0
i wanna go see the purge this weekend stg but i doubt ill end up going because of work	2
i wanna go see the purge this weekend stg but i doubt ill end up going because of work	4
my face is breaking out & this hasnt happened in forever	1
omg who	1
may i lose my morals tonight ?  this gin is treating me so well making me miss  .  introduced me to this gin life	0
may i lose my morals tonight ?  this gin is treating me so well making me miss  .  introduced me to this gin life	0
i swear ,  i had a bill of 7k another day quins ,  he came with people ,  kunywad .  .  .  . went missing for daaaaays	0
i was like sobhan allah begad .  .  .  *bsotha bardo*	0
well dont be too hard on yourself lovely ,  your body has been through so much	0
jwu again	0
no dumbass no one wants to do anything	0
everytime beyoncé drop i always seem to have girl problems	1
you already know how that shit go nigga aint no mf secret nigga  .  kno what im talm bout ? 	0
i turn 17 in 6 months	0
good luck! you know more than me . 	0
right here outside my house	1
we mightve got sauced at the end .  i cant remember the names ,  b-something . 	0
ive had my first coffee in 6 months and i cannot believe it tastes this incredible	0
i saw the $720 for the uniform!	3
i saw the $720 for the uniform!	5
i think dad gets really mad at me when i call him	0
bye gaiz	0
no doubt	0
people got me on hold	2
its the timing of the bit when he says bitch	0
5 meters is still dangerous when its a car .  remember how anton yelchin died ? 	1
lmao the struggle .  well be good tho!	0
lmao the struggle .  well be good tho!	0
and plus we have no where else to go till 1 . 45pm	0
miss my niece	1
yes baeby i know	0
yesterday i gave a preschooler a sticker & a high five for reading a bunch of books with his mom .  he was so excited ,  it made my whole day!	0
man im from the es aint no rules n fighting im sorry dont fwm	0
man im from the es aint no rules n fighting im sorry dont fwm	0
what a boring match	1
philly losing at ht	0
see you at either university	0
is that an invite ? 	1
me and my nigga good ,  hair growing ,  ass getting phatter ,  healthy .  life gr8	0
good morning loves	0
yall wanna be in love so bad	1
i swear it is she is nasty  .  have you read the other ones  ? 	0
heard i was replaced wit a scrub	4
woke up excited to deadlift today	0
types of people on twitter 1 .  karne vale 2 .  like karne vale 3 .  cc karne vale .  .  bc sudhar jao	2
babe . 	0
they shooting over here in this wilbeth while i was sleep let me get my ass up an go home	3
they shooting over here in this wilbeth while i was sleep let me get my ass up an go home	5
there is no exclusiveness	2
there is no exclusiveness	5
come out of a disappointing exam to more disappointment	1
someone said watch got & game 7 side by side	0
did i just hear miguna say slum upgradement ?  upgrading ?  ?  #migunax2 #jkl	3
did i just hear miguna say slum upgradement ?  upgrading ?  ?  #migunax2 #jkl	5
you can clearly afford more matches than i can	0
come back to milan	0
mmhmm .  .  the more you stalk ,  the more youll like me many men said the same thing as you are my dear . 	0
it was a good run sharks	1
theres always a reason to smile or be happy	0
thanks . 	0
not soon enough	1
love bro	0
thanks brooke	0
just got back from a big meeting	0
it will	0
too excited to see tonight	2
this makes me so happy bc kate was one of the senators who had the biggest impact on me this past year im getting mushy so im gonna stop	1
aww youre sweet just right for this cuppa coffee	0
aww youre sweet just right for this cuppa coffee	0
hahaha okay sure ,  thanks faci and thanks sbb handle haritu .  goodnight ya	0
he so fine	0
ugh husband	0
its so sad!	1
its so sad!	1
finally vacation	1
mj going around saying he a grandpa	0
that liq and shit had me gone	1
i get irritated when im hungry	1
assignment	1
account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy .  learn more . 	0
account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy .  learn more . 	0
account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy .  learn more . 	0
account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy .  learn more . 	0
w . e then .  . imma just go to sleep	2
w . e then .  . imma just go to sleep	4
yer gave it all yahs had boys! proud! well played france ,  good wel get yiz in the rugby #irl v #fra #co…	0
yer gave it all yahs had boys! proud! well played france ,  good wel get yiz in the rugby #irl v #fra #co…	0
please follow for minecraft and youtube related contents!	0
iiwant all this pain to go away	1
knew you would be	0
i wanna go to disney	1
keep change the topic  . 	0
id say only about three times i also kind of want to cry because now idk what to do with myself until season 5	0
we was rocking way before the money	0
i love your ass	0
i love yall but if you post oitnb spoilers then i have to temporarily mute bc i just saw a tweet about a death	1
its so nice when people use your name when texting you	0
carsyn is drooling so bad rn its ridiculous	0
same hes flawless	0
same hes flawless	0
burger breakdown ,  please! patty ,  cheese ,  omelette ,  coleslaw ,  sausage	0
mom and pops comin in clutch with the nfl sunday ticket for the crib this year	0
i am terrible at managing money	0
its been a great night . 	0
ngud with a live band #castleliteunlocks	0
stef running back in just reminded me of keith going back in to help jimmy someone please hit me with a bus	1
talking to sis bout our life got a nigga head throbbing and fucked up crazy my lil sis feel how i feel bout this shit and she 15	4
really ?  ?  ? 	5
alexander hamilton ,  let me write my lit paper	1
ofc baby but you gotta do the same back	0
ofc baby but you gotta do the same back	1
country grammar	5
i havent seen my girlfriend in so long i miss her so much i cant take it anymore	1
its so cold out here	1
wonder what today gone bring	0
shooting range with the fam in a bit	0
for how long it is now .  .  .  it kinda is	2
for how long it is now .  .  .  it kinda is	5
hahaha that ft article title i just retweeted	0
you know if ion fwu you better not cross my path	4
watch my snaps but dont text back	2
watch my snaps but dont text back	4
this 8 hour shift gonna kill me but at least im working with	0
so is your sister	0
lmaoooo ,  welcome to the world wide web	0
why u gotta subtweet me like that	1
bloody ? 	0
mentally my brain runs in circles all night	2
mentally my brain runs in circles all night	4
yo if you like hip-hop / r&b then you should #follow my brother also you follow his homies homie	0
im blocked	1
we feel your frustration sadly the brand now prefer to centralise online sales via the usa	1
lol fuck youuu	0
lives . 	1
some people forget they dont have to follow you .  i like your tweets . 	0
i can finally say my time line is all out of highschool congrats my kids	0
this makes me so happy	0
ready for my birthday fr . 	1
thats not you . 	0
error 404 .  chill not found	0
so sickening	2
so sickening	4
nigga i wasnt complaining im innocent	0
nigga i wasnt complaining im innocent	1
why must parents fight over complete bullshit .  all the time . 	2
hmmm .  should i ? 	0
i swear	0
loool .  so imagine scotland leaves & ni and roi merge - then they both join the eu .  well be here suffering alone	1
i havent felt this horrible in such along time	0
i just won another pair of vip virgin e-xperience tickets .  this is genuinely getting ridiculous . 	0
i really need to get my followers up cause my shit whack	0
aint see beautiful cant stop looking at you love everything about you must be love	0
wat u talking bout ? 	0
omg yea need a part so baaad	1
plugged in	2
i just love his derpy face . 	0
lowkey still want to but got too much stuff on	0
wth i didnt know i had you on twitter!	0
trying to drug me  .  sound like a plan tho	0
but some of yah got that fire so im aint even gonna trip	0
i was reciting earlier sa math pa!	5
damn you deleted your picture i didnt even get a chance to see it	1
he ah hater laker fan going for the warriors	2
he ah hater laker fan going for the warriors	4
youre the rebel child! sneaking out to see your bf when your parents werent home	3
youre the rebel child! sneaking out to see your bf when your parents werent home	5
how can someone be so good looking hellllaaaaa heart eyes	1
talking with a random guy at red robin about how curry sucks	0
need to go relax n somebody pool hell hot asf	1
plz no	1
hayme i love yah	0
ball never lies	0
welcome	0
ah ,  fab .  i guess ill be reporting to you then! lol .  be in contact soon - thanks	0
omgee what place bata pa ko	3
so glad i was sober last night . 	0
thank you	0
ahhh wonderwoman and superman	0
youre mine too boo	0
dude i was laughing so hard roach is great .  are you convinced its better than dark souls yet	0
when youre doing your daily cardio and it decides to start raining	2
as you grow old ,  you will realized that staying at home is better than going out	0
ikr ?  sorry la ,  tak sebak pun .  just this face	2
ikr ?  sorry la ,  tak sebak pun .  just this face	4
i have the worst head ache in the world	1
awesome that ur performing sad i live in socal and cant be there hope it ends up on	0
awesome that ur performing sad i live in socal and cant be there hope it ends up on	1
your my happy place	0
you can do it	0
no that is the point ur always mad at me ,  idk y .  im never in my feelings	4
no she didnt stop bye she deserved getting those 3 years added onto her sentence	1
i know .  . im debating staying awake and crying to it on live stream or crying until the set is posted online	1
isnt that how twitter works ?  its all about opinions ,  be boring if we were all the same	0
fruits	0
everytime i get on here something goin on in lr yall aint got nun else to do	1
get out my house	1
ill never understand having to ask people for things that should be standard . 	2
just watched the fundamental of caring .  .  . selena gomez got thick	0
tru enough	0
can never sleep anymore	1
hard to make plans w/o a phone	1
italy 3ala el wad3 bas germany el match el gai	0
that was so painful	1
that used to be bae lol	0
the good thing about summer is i dont have to straighten my hair all the time which means it (hopefully) will grow	0
well thats us awaiting handover from the day team back with you tonight to do it all again! see you at 1900! for now its #sleepallday	0
that took me a second	0
i miss him . 	1
im jokey af  ,  so a lot of people dont take me seriously until its too late	0
hate explaining myself	1
sounds good to me  ,  i am just waiting for my bestfriend alex to get off that damn cruise i miss her more than anyone	0
sounds good to me  ,  i am just waiting for my bestfriend alex to get off that damn cruise i miss her more than anyone	1
it had to be done	0
a hotel would cost over £200 ,  hardly worth it	0
thats my lil baby	0
im so gutted i lost my marc jacobs watch	1
wtf why is kane taking corners	0
like always hahaha animoo	2
like always hahaha animoo	4
past way ?  this is a dream right ?  you have gotta be kidding me .  . who would wanna kill her . omg:loudly_crying_face: . no #ripgri…	4
past way ?  this is a dream right ?  you have gotta be kidding me .  . who would wanna kill her . omg:loudly_crying_face: . no #ripgri…	1
damn .  i never had a curfew even as a kid lol i made my own curfew	1
oh! istanbul! i was doodling a moon and star just earlier today . 	1
those stickers on twitter wanna be snapchat stickers are so ugly	0
thank you	0
must be that jimmy graham influence .  .  . 	2
must be that jimmy graham influence .  .  . 	5
hahaha i wish i did though bon voyage ,  carol!	0
what was that ? 	0
sorry for the tweet torrent .  just got service again . 	0
anyone know where i can get a bunch of trump signs for my yard ?  im trying to win a battle against my dad	0
blackout	0
my arms really hurt	1
i applaud him for hold it together	1
this game is pissing me off . 	4
honestly dont know why people come to me for advice ,  im actually pretty bad at it .  but always happy to help . 	0
honestly dont know why people come to me for advice ,  im actually pretty bad at it .  but always happy to help . 	0
youre a cert	0
jus want us	1
2 down 3 more	0
my brother is so lucky to be staying at the back room just saw a girl going to the bathroom	1
my oh my youre so good lookin!!!	0
eh cant say	0
eh cant say	0
you may get your chance soon	0
so dam trifling	4
you look amazing as always!!	0
still txted me though	0
woke up with a blocked nose and yellow phlegm .  help	4
surround yourself with positive vibes	0
stay strong ri . 	1
i remember the days when i said i would never tattoo my body	1
my baby having fun .  i can tell . 	0
fancy jackson from bb so much	1
didnt know she went to manvel #ripariel	1
im so ugly enough	2
no dead ass ?  we gonna go tomorrow frfr after you get off work	1
going with the flow	0
sighs i like to stare before anything just admire what im in love with	0
lmao so so true - both of you are two beautiful creatures!	0
what a finale #got	5
maybe you can find any time to watch premiere #thelasttycoon w/ us on friday pls let us know #timezonesucks wed appreciate it!	0
i cant remember the last time i got more than 3 hrs of sleep a day	2
i cant remember the last time i got more than 3 hrs of sleep a day	4
its so beautiful to kiss the one you admire	0
i burned the fuck outta my finger playing around with this lighter	0
um ,  youre just tweeting how i feel . 	0
seeing #findingdory soon!	0
gotta take my hair out today	1
so stupid	2
so stupid	4
pride was funnn!	0
stomach hurts & i still havent slept my mind is just racing	2
stomach hurts & i still havent slept my mind is just racing	4
stomach hurts & i still havent slept my mind is just racing	1
i dont you never know .  .  .  next thing theres an intruder .  ive thought of every scenario and its over if it happens	0
i dont you never know .  .  .  next thing theres an intruder .  ive thought of every scenario and its over if it happens	3
i dont you never know .  .  .  next thing theres an intruder .  ive thought of every scenario and its over if it happens	5
i wanna travel the world	1
i hate being sober	1
i know you got the juice whoady  .  . 	0
this tour im in the background of everyones shots	0
it wasnt even meant like that	0
my exact face when i see who calling 4 or 5 times in a row!	0
go away elle	0
boo trying go to the beach this weekend i hope the weather a1 slim	1
we surely are	0
do you really want the real ? 	0
that nap felt so good	1
me either .  thats why this so funny	1
but but but	1
haha i admit it ,  i sometimes fall into that pattern too (not w/ james though - dont hate me	0
thanks bro	0
i lost it gheeee the shit had been going on for like 3 hours bitch i read everything on both the girls pages	1
tonight is maaddddd jokes	1
you ard	0
feeling much better ,  thanks jim	0
i so badly want to visit japan one day	0
tonight didnt exactly go as planned	1
i give her game ,  and she gives it back	0
oh thats awesome lol and so convenient im excited for you	0
took about half hour to get to the toilets! quicker going next door to the village	0
dont know you but youre pretty	0
thank you love!	0
riiiiiggghhhtttt dm me loser	0
thank you thats so lovely of you .  im pretty happy with the results and it went down well with my family	0
nia funny asf	1
it b hot as hell outside	0
mnet youtube channel .  . you can find it there	0
when its comes to your feelings or mine .  .  your feelings! #itslikethat	0
just booked my first flight .  yay ? 	0
get the money  , flip the money  , i just wanna stack em hunnits , spazz out and cash out  , they said im disrespectful bc im smoking loud	0
i just cant wait	0
dropped sum bud down the sink had 2 take da whole drain apart	1
can you follow me please	0
dj is living the dream	0
i try i try	0
cant wait to get discharged	4
thats what ive done in the past .  ive not heard of some of these parties	3
thats what ive done in the past .  ive not heard of some of these parties	5
#cartoonpresidentialslogans who can untangle the wicked web weave-of politicians who deceive ?   .  .  .  . spiderman can! ht…	0
still awful	0
loss ,  bewilderment and finding a new way without that presence	1
hello all ,  have a prosperous day ahead . 	0
this is what happens when the north ties the game .  .  .  it upsets the natural balance #pugetsoundcivilwar #weredoomed	0
this is what happens when the north ties the game .  .  .  it upsets the natural balance #pugetsoundcivilwar #weredoomed	1
this is what happens when the north ties the game .  .  .  it upsets the natural balance #pugetsoundcivilwar #weredoomed	5
they audition as solo artist wayback 2010 ,  and now they quit one by one .  i cant take this anymore .  #alwaysadirectioner	1
i shouldnt of let you hit that .  .  .  .  cause now i cant forget that	1
happy 21st candance hope you have the best day ever!!! drink a few for me ,  love ya lots!	0
hmm ,  ive been told that a few times so i think thats the move	0
i can see why	0
lightskin ass mf ! but i fw stacks .  know i got you whenever  . 	2
lightskin ass mf ! but i fw stacks .  know i got you whenever  . 	4
"a tourist is a fellow who drives thousands of miles so he can be photographed standing in front of his car" - emile ganest #travel #quote	0
when the cops make you break your bong in your own home #fuckthesystem	2
any bacon in ? 	0
goodnight ,  20 days omg	0
yooouuu! thank you doll!	0
well see after the warriors win the title	0
defo gallll hit me up its been a while	0
i love you for tweeting this	0
im sorry .  i love you ,  boo . 	1
i should huh	0
gosh ,  it was "part ii" what woken me up a few minutes ago and omg my little parawhore heart . 	1
i wont just trying to tease you haha .  dont worry ,  ru	0
im able to look at things from both perspectives but im going to listen today	0
welp now i have to find a beat to body this xxl freshman cover list to damn i thought today was my day to relax	1
thats true .  i think ill get it tmr . 	0
lmao yes thats nasty	0
respect a man that doesnt want to talk to you the night of drinking but the next day	0
omo! please dont encourage me .  i dunn wanna go out at 3:30am	1
he jus all around slow gotta talk horse and football thats all he know	0
i dont trust anyone who enjoys drinking sparkling water	1
lol have to drive to tucson today	4
excitement upstairs in y6 .  .  . the guernsey residential departs this evening	0
they all say  .  . 	0
ty looks sooo good . 	1
im not yet ready for monday	1
it sucks not being able to talk to david	1
thats adorable	0
me #favdays	0
i only had enough money for one more song and it was either ahmad lewis or destinys child .  bey im so sorry	1
its summer i refuse to be in the crib all damn day	1
i love him more	0
can i go to bold rock every weekend ? 	0
but id so rather stay in germany forever	1
i went to sleep content ,  ive woken up shocked ,  scared & worried about the future .  its all gone horribly wrong #brexit	1
wish everyone could just be peaceful	1
hungry eyes on the radio	0
even better ,  let mr .  c do the tidying	0
pretty happy with my purchase	0
did you mean it  ?  x sydney renae	0
she must also be jungkook stan hahaha	0
i honestly need to turn it off lol	0
dont believe what you see on tv mate thinks im a c**t	0
going to be all tired work	2
going to be all tired work	4
ahhh man ,  that was close . 	0
i love how my job requires me to come dressed nice & have a full face of makeup	0
i dont see myself in these pics mxim	0
i need the bears to win tonight so i can go to at least one more calder cup playoff game	0
good morning kitty	0
they wont play like shit once youre on the team my word is bond	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x58 , 767	0
sounds like some collab in our future	0
shit ,  calvin why did you two broke up ? !!! it should be you and taylor not tom and her!	1
finally awake	0
yea baby	0
idk its just me and what my parents taught me about being a christian .  . 	0
am tired asfff	1
fuck sake ,  wanna watch the next 2 seasons right now ,  but i need sleep	1
since when do you want ?  i can be a good boy and also a bad boy  .  choose	0
since when do you want ?  i can be a good boy and also a bad boy  .  choose	0
left tennessee 2hrs ago ,  in a car with no ac ,  ill be home at 3 am .  leaving for colorado at 7:30 am ,  for another 10+hr car trip #wooo	0
lmaooo hell nah	0
i love u so much .  do u love can u follow me tweet me babe and dm me #nashmerch #facetimemenash ♡1 , 143	1
im so gonna get the germany kit	0
morning twitter! hope everyone had a great weekend and all recovered from the disappointing football result heres to a great week!	1
haha him and jackson did the running man in their latest insta visa but yeah dabbing is prob easier and faster	0
thats a shoe	1
i swear if courtney and her kids come in my room being loud im kicking all of them in the face idc idc idc	0
this movie dead boring	1
i dont know a reagile but if youre on here ,  your mum just called and asked me to leave you alone .  please address this with her . 	1
gothome	1
yeah  ,  i said it	0
lookin at your texts from the night before	3
lookin at your texts from the night before	5
nigggga im bouta get mad cause you was upset  .  you pass bipolar man	0
nigggga im bouta get mad cause you was upset  .  you pass bipolar man	1
i finally bought the charaexpo alrdy .  ive been delaying to buy the tix fr so long	0
to vote #lastsummer4mmva	0
hip but we need a bigger place wasnt rocking with that	0
i could be one of dem exs you hate dont try me lmao	0
with delightful this morning .  what a joy she is .  hoping to chat 2moro + get autograph #ultimates htt…	0
my mom gon be so mad i ate her leftovers lmao ima just look at her and say "pay backs"	2
why do this things happen to us boo  ? 	1
i really wanna facetime but uhhhh yea	0
wow .  dude we live in such a sad world ,  this isnt even the worst of it	1
wow .  dude we live in such a sad world ,  this isnt even the worst of it	4
sore throat ,  head ache ,  and sinus pressure .  .  .  not a good start to the trip	2
sore throat ,  head ache ,  and sinus pressure .  .  .  not a good start to the trip	4
my mom told me the wrong day ,  im never trusting her again	1
aww glad you notice that	0
omg you wasnt there  ?  me and deja sung it and you tried it	0
i cant get caught up when im single	0
thank u lew	0
haha btw nice costume	0
shit just got real	2
i remember we was out there man we did every theme park i think the only thing we didnt do was #seaworld	0
i remember we was out there man we did every theme park i think the only thing we didnt do was #seaworld	1
try again without the rolling eyes	2
try again without the rolling eyes	4
the nike "switch" advert mustve been real #euro2016	5
oh this is simply stunning gorgeous style!	0
pipe up	2
nice one	0
hehe i know you would xxx	0
im crying but happy fathers day tavon	0
im crying but happy fathers day tavon	0
we gotta collab now	0
i be making weird ass sounds outta no where	0
damn bro you outta there	0
happy birthday to the juice man himself ,  my brother trying to be like you when i grow young , 	0
paper clips and balls of tape ?  ill mail you some supplies if you make me one too!	0
oh wow ,  that i would have loved to have heard (only i dont speak french) so maybe not . 	0
or i could be the one moving to la soon but i own the only 2017 audi r8 in the world	0
kick it in the arse!	0
yeah lol "some"	0
best ive ever had ?  ?  you obviously dont know me . 	0
best ive ever had ?  ?  you obviously dont know me . 	1
whose gonna perform after that ! ? 	0
absolute bollocks . 	0
i could plug up sias poster in my room .  love her so much!	1
love get on my nerves	4
i hate to say this if you put music with desiigner freestyle its actually	0
my bank account might not look good but im having fun	0
i feel like 80% of my money just goes towards gas	4
id be mad if i ever got called tic tac dick .  good thing thatll never happen	0
tweeting but not texting me back gets your number blocked	4
"theres an old guy rolling a shopping cart with oranges in it . " only in homewood	0
unlike some people ,  everything i tweet ,  im really bout my business	2
unlike some people ,  everything i tweet ,  im really bout my business	5
haha i miss you too bud	0
weirdly i never once said that! i think racists were a small part of the 52% who now feel legitimised .  thanks for reading!	0
good morning nikki have a good day and week	0
good morning nikki have a good day and week	0
always had a problem figuring out who really riding cuz people be sooo fake real	0
cause he was high	2
cause he was high	4
dont believe everythang bitch!	0
the all new civic gandaaaaa	1
he on my damn nerves	2
he on my damn nerves	4
now u gotta run it uppp	0
throw back to when omegle used to be a thing asl ?  ?  ? 	0
i just had to finish it	0
aaaww .  such a bad news .  rip . 	1
i miss him soo much i only wish we could talk	1
i called my dad and he didnt answer	1
dont come for me if you cant last longer than a song	1
today has literally been shit .  .  im so over everything lately	1
theres a cat that is completely gorgeous and lives in the 7th&70 liquor store	0
impatiently waiting in dubai	0
this is the rap era where yall consider lil yachty and desiigner top rappers  .  .  .  .  .  this sad man	1
thank you jennie and see you soon	0
thank you sister i live you too	0
well i didnt check the girls section but they may have some	0
best dance ever	0
uncledrew cooking up	2
i like him oh my lord	1
i will cry if i dont go .  . literally have wanted to see him in concert forever now	1
fathers day sunday this my first one	0
im soo exhausted	1
im soo exhausted	4
the biggest irony of this generation is that people with least social skills want friends like f . r . i . e . n . d . s	0
my phone screen just cracked and i have no idea how .  right on	2
"you looked at me like i was so dumb .  little did i know youd be looking that way at me for the next 6 years . " -sydney in my yearbook	0
oooh alrighty then lol	0
youth league enjani full of old men ? 	3
youth league enjani full of old men ? 	5
yes & were busy	1
blushed	0
soo .  .  how does one start packing again ? 	0
european champions knocked out by italy .  *__* 2-0 victory with the goals of chellini & pelle . 	0
so whos house in mankato can i watch game 7 at	0
feel so physically and mentally drained	1
fuck ya	0
ladies beat the line & come out before 11:30 july 15th for #glointhedark16	2
lol youre funny!	0
amazing	0
ur avi is so cute imy drew drew	0
ur avi is so cute imy drew drew	1
its a song	0
iont see how yall deadass go out and cheat & then look your significant other in the eyes and say " i love you "	2
iont see how yall deadass go out and cheat & then look your significant other in the eyes and say " i love you "	4
hot damn school ,  thanks for the tuition waver ? 	5
thank you for the sub	0
idgaf who fwm i fuck with myself heavy	0
idgaf who fwm i fuck with myself heavy	1
crazy episode #gameofthrones	5
wifi ,  the worst blessing and the most beautiful curse of todays world! #worldwifiday	0
you win for sure	0
hi would you like to join our group ? 	0
u swear ima dawg son but you coo people and i fwy hml	2
u swear ima dawg son but you coo people and i fwy hml	4
trump naked cannot be unseen	0
had alotta wine tonight lol probably gonna be knocked out shortly	0
ill keep that in mind .  .  see if they let me	0
your welcome	0
i imagine u & randy becoming like best friends &working together &then u can introduce me to him too & w…	0
is #motd if your not already following her whats your excuse ?  go do it now htt…	0
pls make all this go away .  i am too stressed	4
chels ill reply on dm after i work cos its too long and im really distracted	1
i know how to get curl & straight boy! i need moisture	0
you guys are at the beach and im freaking out but i wont spoil anything	2
miss you too jack it feels like its been months	1
happy bday n enjoy ur day #hbdasad	0
i still cant get over	1
bc you know peru is going to lose like come on how can you say no to a los verdes bet!	0
lighting my inlaw on fire now  ?  i love you hoe	0
she didint die	0
i would like to thank all my friends for making my night great last night	0
i be ready to knock you out always talking shit girl you cool af tho	0
i be ready to knock you out always talking shit girl you cool af tho	0
stop	1
at rescue rooms nottingham	0
im not saying i would complain .  . 	0
something is missing	1
ive no idea im in awe of her skillz appaz shes right at the back and they still cost a fucking fortune	0
same here	1
wouldve been nice im hungry asl right now	0
its hard . 	0
mfs done over played they part playing tf outta crazy after i said some 4 times so ya both they ass cut	0
sometimes i hate twitter . 	1
and happy fathers day to all the niggas whos pull-out game too weak yall are fathers now please take responsibility	0
and happy fathers day to all the niggas whos pull-out game too weak yall are fathers now please take responsibility	0
everything & everybody is really getting on my fucking nerves today	4
its not my day today i think .  .  you dont follow me today	1
major headache	4
the worlds getting to violent .  . 	0
thinking about getting my shortcut again	0
it must be! kenzie does that with any new song she likes .  its all ill hear from her room across the hall	0
thank you boo	0
hubby said hes so spoiled with all the gifts he got today	0
been thirsty thou havent had alcohol in a long time	1
isis is fine as hell	0
try again ,  ,  i am the shit	0
soo voo faran	0
even less ,  good morning	0
ur back in broward too	0
shopping for outfits for my senior pictures is so stressful	1
shopping for outfits for my senior pictures is so stressful	4
maybe you shouldve texted me in the first place no need to text you i said what i needed too .  im happy with him	0
he gets it from me	0
beyond hungry havent ate all day	2
beyond hungry havent ate all day	4
i just realize kajol is that pretty	0
ever since it was pointed out now i cant stop hearing in the this is what you came for chorus	3
this bitch favor everything he tweet	0
o come on .  leave this not so dear aunty alone .  its just a spelling mistake .  she is our hrd minister	0
argentina and spain	1
not in the right mindset to have kids right now ,  i think of them as more money coming out my pocket ,  & im broke af	0
hapana ,  have a blessed day	0
tfw everyone finishes music so early because the essay question was handel #edexcelmusic" .  this was so me	0
ive grown tired of exams like its enough now gosh	1
jinwoo .  .  .  why .  .  . 	1
being short is not nice hey	1
neither do it yourself	0
that was mean	4
on my way to florida	2
im flattered man	0
lmfao you really jamming this late	0
im in 20 groups on whatsapp	3
i feel for tammy  .  shes so good to waka  ,  but you could do everything right & still your man could be unfaithful  . 	1
shawty go to callin me daddy when im in it	0
love yourself first so no one has to	0
absolutely ,  that kills me .  why ?  ?  it didnt have to happen . 	1
i sweaa i wasnt bood up at all	1
that looks so good	0
someones a little upset	1
thank you twitter! im so flattered ,  every time i go to my page ,  balloons come down on my page .  hugs twitter*	0
thank you twitter! im so flattered ,  every time i go to my page ,  balloons come down on my page .  hugs twitter*	1
me too!	0
ask people why they want the warriors to win so bad and all they can say is they just dont want lebron to win yall some lames	0
cant forget im sloppy too bih:face_with_rolling_eyes: .  & i love you more . 	0
you dont count .  everyones attracted to you	0
girl im sick asf  ,  and i tried to eat something but it aint work	1
i almost vacuumed her	3
i almost vacuumed her	5
i miss my mum and my cousins i actually want to go home	1
i like it pretty much ,  amazing cover	0
im so ready for a girls night & vacation	0
some people are selling little mix for 15-30 so i would say 40-50 for all without ash	0
#oomf so fine	0
dont forget your gas money other expenses	0
#zimvind zimbabwe win toss and bat first .  (for 50 overs we hope:winking_face:)	0
i only bought drinks for females and their group in the club cause i was drunk .  .  i use to get drunk alot	1
i only bought drinks for females and their group in the club cause i was drunk .  .  i use to get drunk alot	4
fuckin wit twitter for the night	4
lol i deleted the tweet bc i thought nobody would understand but i was legit watching my time & it skipped over 2:30 . 	0
but again i dont see how what i do for me & my house affects your day	0
to state that you love boxing would be an understatement did you see tonite fight ? 	0
it rare to see that though	2
it rare to see that though	4
pedometer ++ made me that was about a 100 floors climbed up equivalent .  .  .  stretching now fresh air . 	0
you cant hear what they say back to you	0
message me back asshole	2
this frozen cup	0
fuck people outside are celebrating like italys already won the cup #itaesp	0
im da same way	1
nick young is making us black men look bad  . 	1
never	0
mane aint no way they suspended my nigga draymond	2
mane aint no way they suspended my nigga draymond	4
im very thorough honey	0
he will be home around september for a little bit we will all have to do somethin then	0
once you get a boyfriend  ,  lmao you dont even worry bout having friends .  . 	1
but what a great way to experience the aa girls	0
todays the day ,  wildlife park with mum & lo this am ,  then get lo to bed ,  eat chinese ,  chocolate & drink wine watch tv & sleep like a star	0
man said joe hart just activated article 50 #brexit	1
enjoy your holidays	0
grave	1
night night	0
look at your girl  ,  lookin at me like a hero	0
omg my whole bodys hurting and i threw up all over the side of my car	0
omg my whole bodys hurting and i threw up all over the side of my car	1
cold and sleepy	1
l o l! respecte moi!! il te ressemble plus wesh! do you know me ?  han ? 	0
l o l! respecte moi!! il te ressemble plus wesh! do you know me ?  han ? 	2
l o l! respecte moi!! il te ressemble plus wesh! do you know me ?  han ? 	4
scorpio ka din right ? 	0
im like 65 in a 54 kind of way	1
disney sing along - perfect use of my time not like i have work that needs doing or anything	0
all girls are princesses why are we all so mean to eachother	1
a lady is in the hospital . 	4
corny	1
i dont play those "only f*ck with me when you feel like it" games ill cut you off so quick and wont ask no questions . 	0
greasy foods are no longer my friends havent had it for awhile and now that i did ,  totally messed up my tummy	1
greasy foods are no longer my friends havent had it for awhile and now that i did ,  totally messed up my tummy	1
my mom called me to tell me shes having a boring day at work so she wanted to bug me .  oh	0
i barely leave taco bell	1
so im just here going thru twitter & i came accord my ex gfs current boyfriend .  sigh .  with his shinning head there	2
so im just here going thru twitter & i came accord my ex gfs current boyfriend .  sigh .  with his shinning head there	4
k love wants his ring	0
oops sorry .  .  galti se mistake hogya	0
if we can lay up ,  talk ,  and just vibe to a 90s r&b playlist .  .  youve won hella cool points in my book	0
15 more minutes	0
nope but he will leave new jersey happy if they meet again . 	0
when youre at a family party and youre the only boy	2
when youre at a family party and youre the only boy	4
i only got one xiao san he got a lot in camp	1
okay .  14% left of left .  i know its going to emotionally destroy me even more that it already has done .  lets do this!	1
my bad .  i guess i meant saturday guys	0
emrie sings the opening song to oitnb	3
emrie sings the opening song to oitnb	5
i lost my mind after mark bickley gave me his autograph when i was 10 .  now hes interviewing me .  cant help but shake my head #wwe #cwc	0
emma henry wont be at graduation ,  so it needs to be rescheduled . 	1
youre a case	2
youre a case	4
me too	1
gleb on celebrity masterchef	0
ion believe the hype yall lyin in that girl	1
now u believe	0
for pm	0
alright alright	0
still begging for retweets for that tweet	0
feel like the luckiest girl	0
outchea like "what is befuddled ? " dawg you know what that means!!	0
should be fresh for the euros hes just had a season off	1
jesus christ !!!! you on tinder bro ? 	0
thank you	0
just peep in and say hello .  we dont bite i promise .  unless you want us too	0
the purge about to be so lit i got to go friday when it drops	2
its depends on my level of knowing them	0
you cute i be seeing you around school n shit  .  .  ima start speaking	0
you cute i be seeing you around school n shit  .  .  ima start speaking	0
happy birthday bro have a good one	0
im not! i will just visit the grp everyday to check if someone will sell some stuffs that im looking for	0
meet you in omaha when we win tomorrow	0
why are all the beautiful boys with beautiful hair cutting their beautiful flow	1
hes killing me and he knows im hurting	1
when you show up to your best friends house to hang out and shes not home so you hang out with her parents instead	0
94 degrees out *heavy eye roll*	2
94 degrees out *heavy eye roll*	4
i wanna be with somebody so long that we start to look alike	1
well i cant say i dont want nobody	0
its awful	0
when youre on vacay and dont realize the sunglasses went on sale .  .  .  . patiently waiting for restock	0
i rhell sorry nah i lie	0
your opinion is not needed	0
no idea what to wear today	1
i need somebody to go see finding dory with im bouta be a big ass kid	0
i need somebody to go see finding dory with im bouta be a big ass kid	1
yawa ba sad thanksss	0
yawa ba sad thanksss	2
yawa ba sad thanksss	4
tbt to when my group chat was so dusted we huddled around a locker in north & took hella shots	0
im okay .  you ? 	0
really wish they could do more of this .  yung tipong make a wish foundation .  im sure these two wud love it .  #aldubksreunion	0
bored	1
bored	4
takin a on ft with my bestfriend	1
takin a on ft with my bestfriend	0
hes back	1
hes back	4
friends makes everything better	0
at my aunt ro ro house	0
theres a free moving showing the square w/ popcorn ,  just bring a lawn chair	0
thank you	0
wanna sleep and cuddle all day	0
just scared the crap out of me	3
these 8 vocals proves how much im attracted to power vocals	0
if i never had you then i could never lose you	1
im trying boo love you more	0
been so busy this week ive had no time for social media	1
the guy whos mowing the grass at work is cruising on the mower .  makes me wanna race the thing!	0
it wouldnt have been directed towards me so i wouldve just laughed	0
you not being able to afford your part in raising a kid is not my issue nigga	1
keep em wondering!	0
right ? !	0
my mom stay saying "its ok for u to have emotions aliyah " i straight dont know how	0
always starting shit	0
not that we need anyones shoulders for security ,  but those europeans seem like a friendly bunch	0
not sure if tonys or the late late night show with james corden	0
at the end of the day im still gone do what i want & what makes me happy ,  so i dont to much care about others opinion . 	0
bungie bounty soon ? 	0
can you leave my house already	2
terribly written yeah - typical smith though	0
okay so i woke up with my pants on did i take them off on my sleep or something	0
hey girl	0
man i hate ppl	2
man i hate ppl	4
what did i say ? 	0
i accomplished so much on my day off .  i love it	0
im just trying to love you	1
i guess a lot of people had one crazy night last night	0
just friends	0
waiting on travous to finish working out	2
waiting on travous to finish working out	5
followback po pretty	0
that was a bomb ass nap	0
theres so much stuff i wanna do this summer .  back home tho . 	0
phone dry af	1
can you rt this link (below) ,  please ?  thanks! #mtvawardsstar one direction	0
just when i thought i was going to be having the best weekend ever i look at gingers snap chat and realized he is .  . 	3
just when i thought i was going to be having the best weekend ever i look at gingers snap chat and realized he is .  . 	5
does it have an app ?  customizable etc ? 	0
goodbye sine im really gonna miss your bright and uplifting spirit . 	1
love this!! my #pimpinjoy tank is on the way now you & are so great with this line & fundraising	0
sleeeep	1
i never thought about it until you mentioned it lol	0
thats what i want! you pick the bpm file preferably	0
salman bhai is #daretooutdo perfect example ! his acting  ,  his skills in each & every movie is just	0
who tf think ima sucker who tf think i wont pull up n let loose	0
im watching	2
this is so fustrating	1
thank you !!	0
bacon is fried	0
dont blow this man	1
im so damn sore	1
gotta love the people thats excited af and wanna hold conversations on the first day of classes	2
gotta love the people thats excited af and wanna hold conversations on the first day of classes	4
baby the tea i got for my friend is way too hot	0
i think the only reason i keep forgetting that canada day is this weekend is because im working and i wouldnt even get the holiday off	1
make someone smile today . " i do everyday	0
bae is my personal chef	0
shitty i lost all my music on spin rilla	1
now iont know wtarwto do	1
now iont know wtarwto do	4
idk what im getting yet	0
ceo this weekend #fgchype #ceo2016	1
is it a napper who is afraid to come out	0
well maybe well run into each other	0
im more interesthing at that red babe there rather than the durian	0
when i line my lip first	0
no group pa pala for advertising class hahahahaha fml	1
we cant score to save our life it just wont go in	0
thanks love!! follow back ? 	0
thank you so much tretta!!!	0
eyebags talaga thank u	0
eyebags talaga thank u	0
i finally found you where you been all my damn life lol	0
i finally found you where you been all my damn life lol	0
i finally found you where you been all my damn life lol	0
i finally found you where you been all my damn life lol	2
i finally found you where you been all my damn life lol	4
its after the watershed ,  dont hold back	0
 ,  swear!!	1
oh shoot my bad! i meant to say martial or rashford	0
i wanna spend this money on some gas so bad	1
hello! im waiting to have at least 5 interested parties! can i dm you ?  payment has to be by bank transfer	0
hello! im waiting to have at least 5 interested parties! can i dm you ?  payment has to be by bank transfer	2
hello! im waiting to have at least 5 interested parties! can i dm you ?  payment has to be by bank transfer	5
i wanna go on a date to the drive-in movies	0
so tired of this computer	4
still support u homie and any team u land on	0
or i will act like a bitch	0
your snapchats and texts always brighten my day	0
i hate you dude	0
ill fight u just let me know when and where	2
haha new year ,  new me love you b	0
head ass	0
this twitter shit dry yall . 	1
modric at it .  what a shot! #cro #euro2016	0
thankyou	0
ohhhhh sorry! i been working longer hours & i went swimming so i havent been on twitter that much	1
mds ,  porn do honey ,  socorr	0
ma nigga ,  oitnb is about to come back	0
okay! as long as you like 3 legged dogs	2
okay! as long as you like 3 legged dogs	5
allergies bothering me this morning	1
why im i third wheeling ,  i never do this	2
why im i third wheeling ,  i never do this	4
goodnight bes!	0
"dont me" allows you to say the most outrageous shit	0
and were at this past tuesdays social .  fuck . 	1
yall both extra dab	0
happy friday! can you please play #fromthegroundup by + help them get closer to the top 10 ?  thank you!	0
says no one died on her watch ,  what part of that lie dont you get ? 	0
bruh	1
miss shirdi reading owt request on #life&style #justsaying	1
cheesecake needed . 	1
mannnnn lets goooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!	4
my fucking glasses	4
i think school uniform would be more recognizable tbh but itll be cute regardless!!	0
brilliant name & thank you for liking my bakes so much have you seen nanna & i are in the strawberry finals ? 	0
it be funny asf when my mom leaves the trash can full for me to take out when i get home and i still dont take it out	0
fine girl	0
rooney in cruise control gees a goal now	0
 .  .  .  everytime i use your flirting techniques guys think i wanna have sex with them	1
oh boy ,  stay strong lol	0
sad thing is i understood more of this than panda	0
slept wrong and hurt my arm	1
i know whatll make me feel better but like i just cant	0
too many talented people have died this year	1
me before you is the cutest film	1
ready for my clothes to say "delivered"	1
cait is looking thrilled in this pic! was it the pic or the accordion ? 	0
bitch b direct with yo tuff ass	0
you ever just look at yourself in the mirror and just like im extra cute today like usually im average cute but todaaaay im cute asl	0
the things i do for love -courage	0
hope he know he blocked	0
this is so hard	1
lmaoo ,  they could call me but i might not wake up	0
see you! hehe thank yaa	0
fuck all that	0
im terrible with money management i know this but i cant bring myself to change it	1
surprises are better	0
my stomach is starting to hurt	4
but ure a girl its ok to have small feet i guess and thanks ! lmao id be broke but at least ud be happy	0
but ure a girl its ok to have small feet i guess and thanks ! lmao id be broke but at least ud be happy	0
its a poof ball	1
oooh that so good yeah she got that megan	0
oooh that so good yeah she got that megan	1
sun was brighter than i thought it would be	2
sun was brighter than i thought it would be	4
congratulations tony ,  well done	0
i was born at a very young age	3
lees biscuits fresh be bomb af	0
56 night	2
me too our time is coming monday	0
me too our time is coming monday	0
me too our time is coming monday	1
hol up lemme update you ima dm you	0
have have! tmr and friday! you have classes on that day ? 	0
hell nah .  fuck you  ,  gone give me that dry ass awe	2
tmnt 1991 makes me miss my dad .  . 	0
my ap is full this is annoying	2
my ap is full this is annoying	4
there is only one place to go to top up your pension .  .  .  .  . i wonder if the payments are tax free at sevco these days	0
happy independence day!	0
do you party up with subs and fans ?  ?  would be so amazing to play pubs together and slay everyone	0
oh shit i thought i did	0
i really am crazy  .  .  i need help	1
both	0
good morning	0
missed the release wave this erlang/otp 19 . 0 ,  elixir 1 . 3 . 0 ,  ecto 2 . 0 . x ,  phoenix 1 . 2 . 0 … need to update a lot now .  #myel…	0
tooor!! #eng 2 #wal 1 sturridge	0
text me	0
why they roastin my guy dylan on fb	0
u aint know ?  my baby naaaaastyyyyy	0
im .  .  .  hurt .  haha i still have it ,  i luvs it	0
go to sleep you sap	0
anyone else feels like its friday ?  but its only freaking tuesday .  even the calendar says w t f mak datuk	0
my room is nice and clean	0
diop fall real nigga	0
hi miracle!	0
finding dory	0
awww i kinda like ur crazy as well but dudeeee i can hear the	1
seriously think i messed up my eye	1
i feel you	0
i had a dream that i went on a roadtrip with waka . 	2
i had a dream that i went on a roadtrip with waka . 	4
no sir cant play w no rookie	1
thats 9 hours tho . 	1
bry always in my messages being gay	0
next tatt appointment officially scheduled	0
awwh youre beautiful as well ! thank you  .  & yas  ,  new friend hello there  . 	0
awwh youre beautiful as well ! thank you  .  & yas  ,  new friend hello there  . 	0
awwh youre beautiful as well ! thank you  .  & yas  ,  new friend hello there  . 	0
karma is a bitch and what goes around comes around remember that	0
so happy i just want my baby to go home	1
like it up	0
feel like shit this morning	2
feel like shit this morning	4
holy kiseobs convo .  . i dunno if its safe to translate that .  .  . 	3
holy kiseobs convo .  . i dunno if its safe to translate that .  .  . 	5
ayeeeeee and work i work 8-430 but i have to get up at the crack of dawn to get there . 	1
this movie got me crying	1
if you comfortable dancing where you workout youll get a way better work out .  well for me lol i dance then hit reps	0
right on bro ! and you already know	2
need some good loving	0
i lost my license already wtffff	0
thanks b	0
thanks b	0
carma really is a bitch	1
a bit kooky but beautiful	0
game 7 #dubnation	5
 .  .  . and my keyboard stopped working .  writing on hold again .  .  . 	2
 .  .  . and my keyboard stopped working .  writing on hold again .  .  . 	4
yall hear them vocals in #overnightbag i would say this song brought quite the surprise ,  didnt it bring a brights…	0
my life is a joke	2
my life is a joke	4
look at his hand	0
i just woke up from the most horrible surreal dream .  .  .  .  pregnancy makes your dreams really crazy	1
i just hiccuped so hard my head slammed into my wall	1
flashback soso	0
hey now back on snap	0
should i go to vegas in august to see s show ?  (i hate the heat) . 	0
should i go to vegas in august to see s show ?  (i hate the heat) . 	0
from 3-1 to champion ,  when you gotta stay silent and smile cuz ur team never failed u . 	0
ion trust not one female but my momma	0
kerri chandler - the fix is u lit lit ♡ ♡	1
he just sent me a selfie ,  i did not ask for it either in fact ,  i still havent text him back lol	0
its ok!! thank u	0
im sleepy as hell	1
i always wake up in the middle of the night	2
i always wake up in the middle of the night	4
omg im gonna cry ,  best night of my life	1
history genial #atlenmtvhits	0
sadio mane described #lfc as "one of the biggest clubs in europe" .  .  . can we get a refund please ,  about "one of" kmt #ynwa	1
plucked that beautifully	1
early morning booty rubs *wishful thinking*	0
being too comfortable gets you no where baby	0
bunny bunny	0
my gf needa hurry up & get off work !!	2
my gf needa hurry up & get off work !!	4
run some ice down the veins girl .  oh ,  and bitch face .  and play some godsmack .  always helps me	0
smooth	0
im soo tired but cant sleep . 	1
this popeyes bomb as shit	1
nothing ,  you perfect bitch love ya d	0
one call away	1
hope it doesnt "backfire" on them	0
hope it doesnt "backfire" on them	3
very sad glebs not back for the new series of strictly but very happy that is still on .  love brendan!	0
my pics are beautiful dont need you to tell me	0
i never lie tho	4
i dont smack talk lol  ,  so im just gonna say goodnight	0
uncooked beans and chicken bones in my burrito	1
hope you had a nice weekend!	0
habis projek ,  baru dpt life architecture doesnt deserve life	1
youre hanging out with the wrong people . 	0
ill check my schedule	0
that was the most difficult thing ive ever done	0
why these females bein so nasty tonight	0
i wish i could sing	1
nosey ass	0
i know that might not seem a lot but trying to reach 200 was a pain	0
 ?  ?  ?  ?  connect ? 	0
i wish fat cat was open on weekends	1
i know	0
herbo and bibby august 4th must show up and show out early	2
whelp dee just bought a wiiu for my birthday thats in a month .  im a happy lady!	0
im so tired trying to stay up	1
yo melbuddies ,  on my part ,  so do you . 	0
best feeling ever! i understand	1
nothing like waking up and not having water	2
summer storms	0
so i got a happy birthday from two of my "boos" if the other one doesnt .  .  ima b pissed	2
so i got a happy birthday from two of my "boos" if the other one doesnt .  .  ima b pissed	4
ah ,  thank you! it’s been a long project but so worth it now it’s all done	0
his eyes twinkled .  i cannot breathe . 	0
im dead	0
i have never been so overwhelmed in my whole life	1
i need more people to get rid of their dakotas and durangos niggas need spare parts you selfish bastards	1
i need more people to get rid of their dakotas and durangos niggas need spare parts you selfish bastards	1
"oh u have american express wow u must have bomb credit" yes and yes i only use it for gas	2
"oh u have american express wow u must have bomb credit" yes and yes i only use it for gas	4
be responsible ray .  yall take care .  order take out if you have to ,  i dont want yall eating dry pasta fgs	1
cavs gotta calm down and just hoop	2
stfu donovan	0
i hate cleaning with every bone in my body . 	1
my sister be having me walk to the store at all times of the night	1
aint nobody even ready	1
chillllllll	0
i lost my watch	1
lost my ipad	1
youre hot as hell now tbh	0
i just wanna be able to scratch my back but my arms are too short	1
i actually havent listened yet	0
out east fwm	0
your welcome sweetheart .  .  . remember to check your instagram new pic of scott	0
your welcome sweetheart .  .  . remember to check your instagram new pic of scott	0
ill be back soon lmao . 	2
ill be back soon lmao . 	5
you bad ,  too bad i bought yas a blueberry ring already	0
hurry up bae	2
hurry up bae	4
who you know gone snatch you out yo close and take that shit	0
dont flatter yourself ,  but i do actually listened to your speech .  nvm then ,  i fcked up during part 1 as well	0
the next episode of love & hip hop gonna be so real	1
i dont blame 1 player i blame 10! it honestly looked like yall didnt try!! only one who actually made an effort	2
i dont blame 1 player i blame 10! it honestly looked like yall didnt try!! only one who actually made an effort	4
omggg nooo wayy and i knoww we should!!!! better have a safe travel coming	0
omggg nooo wayy and i knoww we should!!!! better have a safe travel coming	0
omggg nooo wayy and i knoww we should!!!! better have a safe travel coming	3
ew i feel gross	4
the #fra vs #irl game being on right now makes being in the lounge in paris very interesting . 	0
#intl calling out tzuyu rp-ers .  please show up ,  a fan wants to meet you	0
spinrilla saves music to your account now	3
spinrilla saves music to your account now	5
just being honest  ,  i been there done that  ,  if i was in his place i wouldnt take your love for granted  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 	2
just being honest  ,  i been there done that  ,  if i was in his place i wouldnt take your love for granted  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 	4
me without a doubt	0
i fucking flipped! was so stoked!!!	0
see you soon	0
bring back #eurotrash .  bloody hell im in tears at this . 	0
it was we love and we learn lol	1
anybody recommends any netflix docs ?  thanks	0
lmfao no but it can apply to you	0
lmfao no but it can apply to you	0
lmfao no but it can apply to you	1
always & forever .  milton isnt that far away	2
lmaooooooo yes me too	1
all this flexin i deserve to have a six pack	1
lexa is proud of you really  .  bravo  .  .  but the struggle will be even worst  .  .  .  .  in 5 minuets	0
lexa is proud of you really  .  bravo  .  .  but the struggle will be even worst  .  .  .  .  in 5 minuets	0
bae made dinner tonight then we spooned and shit	0
bae made dinner tonight then we spooned and shit	0
lesson of the if u like a female ,  talk to her .  if she curve ya u .  .  .  learn from it .  .  .  then rash her shit #bostonniggamentality	0
you actually took my breath away	0
i believe that too now can you run off on me so i could pls win a car already	0
all i see in my timeline is people retweeting all their old selfies	0
dont wanna write this essay	1
ill get a new one my birthday	0
till i met you i never knew na is in june trick or	0
i love it when he comes in hes buying me a pint when i finish	0
bring me tacos	1
touched a nerve ,  i see . 	0
yeah defo!	0
hey ^n - weve had our moments #roadtrip #nostalgic #goodtimes	0
hey ^n - weve had our moments #roadtrip #nostalgic #goodtimes	0
work at 6 awful	1
aw thnx	0
somedays i love listening to screamo & then other days i listen to slow crying music .  id say my taste in music is quite bipolar	0
got off work 2 hours early	0
why thank you to pumped to meet you and ms thang and the others too .  #woop…	0
im just so down ugh	1
come over after	0
absolutely love living upstairs .  the only time i cant stand it is when i have to carry cases of water . 	1
wew i loooove hair color	0
babes at work right now	1
i wish i wouldve went that camp now	4
having serious stunt withdrawals! someone please throw me in a rewind ,  full up ,  toss hands even!	1
ur shit look more filled in neither one of us satisfied	0
jolly rancher nipples	0
need someone wholl text 24/7	1
u can pose with me anytime and post photos here	0
why am i crying looking at this video	1
but to blast my music now and clean up . 	0
dont be mad let her get her	0
good morning & happy thursday beautiful! hope you have a great day!	0
im sleepy & feel like wanna go bed early	1
i really hate shaving for nothing .  but it has to be done	1
i want a nose ring	1
"road that dick like a solider" okay drake	0
i love toddlers they just so chunky	0
i love toddlers they just so chunky	1
miss you more	0
once someone has the answers to all my life questions thats when ill fall in love until then fuck you	0
the bite a taste is the apple well placed	0
stuck in my car because its too far away from my house to not get soaked by rain	1
already a class favorite i got this class in the bag . 	0
i love you	1
suga oppa ~~ hi how are you ?  i hope youre good .  be happy everyday ok ?  dont forget your meal everyday .  i love you	0
fuck off lawnmower man ,  i swear he does it on purpose #euro2016	2
cheers man . 	0
feverish	1
petition for colby to not throw shade at us	0
#win my sock has slipped off in my shoe & i need to go home!	0
can i have an orca ?  they are so	1
can i have an orca ?  they are so	1
wanna make you my lady officially . 	0
my paper right! so cant no bitch move shit	0
all this pain in the world and all my church can focus on is keeping women covered up so men dont lust	2
all this pain in the world and all my church can focus on is keeping women covered up so men dont lust	4
enjoyed a few beers with & tonight	0
the few friends i have ,  i love yall	0
imma help you pack also	0
mot kroatien	0
thanks	0
was the best and most adorable movie ever but like all the trash in the ocean was too sad	1
but the thing is im not lying im telling in my opinion	0
in a really good mood this morning	0
man i been high all day	1
qlf on ta pas dit	0
the fact that every time nathan has to get a pair of shoes out he has to get like a million tea bags out first is just beyond me	0
awww switzerland i was rooting for you!	1
everything that look good aint good i shouldnt have never fucked w some of the bitches that i fucked with	0
everything that look good aint good i shouldnt have never fucked w some of the bitches that i fucked with	2
everything that look good aint good i shouldnt have never fucked w some of the bitches that i fucked with	4
waiting for x o diva #kayecalonweloveopm #opmreyvalera	0
waiting for x o diva #kayecalonweloveopm #opmreyvalera	0
has msoft just revealed its hand too early  ? ! could sony counteract this new console  ? ! "project scorpio" holiday 2017 . 	5
#oitnb binge continuation	0
deal	0
bitch im so wide awake	0
that lightning though .  .  .  . shit	3
that lightning though .  .  .  . shit	5
at least we made it out the group stage thats all that matters	0
cant you that i	0
i wish i could call u n say how badly u are being missed pls be active like b4	0
i wish i could call u n say how badly u are being missed pls be active like b4	4
that demo killed me cant wait to hear more	0
when broke crew was made	0
im a changed person	0
okay	3
okay	5
only when im with you if you asked anyone else ,  theyd tell you im boring . 	0
forever funny	1
theyre just too fast for mexico good call	1
bachelorette weekend pt .  2 its time to drink .  .  well everyone except me	0
im scared .  hes nuts	0
i have no other choice but to be a whole baddie #finalxvi  .  its up	0
when you can rock any hair style &gt ; 	0
fat cunt him now	0
i wish you could see someones snaps that are requesting you .  i be so hesitant to accept people	1
alright browns ,  your turn	0
#purge #electionyear tomorrow!	0
my cousin who has very curly always complained loud and hard about that . 	0
i want chocolate:persevering_face:that time the homie had got me gang chocs but i declined because of my rule of not more than a slab of chocolate per week	1
i want chocolate:persevering_face:that time the homie had got me gang chocs but i declined because of my rule of not more than a slab of chocolate per week	1
i want chocolate:persevering_face:that time the homie had got me gang chocs but i declined because of my rule of not more than a slab of chocolate per week	4
its nice ,  to have friends who take time just to say hi! out of their busy schedule ,  i love my friends who do that!!!!! thank you!	0
i know im late but im definitely hooked on jane the virgin .  representation matters and is amazing . 	0
cracked my phone but on the bright side i won 20 dollars	0
the gym in our house just burned so scary!	1
the gym in our house just burned so scary!	5
awesome! thanks ,  gen	0
come on guys ,  we only have a bit more than 10 . 000 votes ok its a lot more than martin garrix but still .  #fanarmyfaceoff #di…	1
you never hang with me anymore	1
fr ?  that sucks	1
not with the "real mrs skunk" character he aint not yet	0
not with the "real mrs skunk" character he aint not yet	0
i have one of his pee pee too ,  but its not going on twatter	0
shall i post the screenshot of the lies your putting on the net	0
orange is the new black&gt ; &gt ; &gt ;  #finally	0
thanks cristal miss you too!	0
i lose my balance on these eggshells you tell me to tread ,  id rather be a wild one instead	2
#loveisland it was nice whilst it lasted guy a whole 15mins of love #rachel u go girl drop that bomb shell x	1
you need sum loving frm a real one . 	0
surrreal	0
byeeeeeeee	0
byeeeeeeee	1
my friends keep me sane	0
bein the ugly friend sucks x100	1
omg xx	1
said that i could get that easily	0
said that i could get that easily	0
got hacked by tricia	1
i was in my feelings super hard for a good 20 min this morning ,  then i suddenly snapped out of it .  . which is the scary part	3
i was in my feelings super hard for a good 20 min this morning ,  then i suddenly snapped out of it .  . which is the scary part	5
my girl is so intelligent beauty came with it but she is really intelligent	0
my stomach and chest are killing me	1
good ,  makes my job easier . 	0
oooh she and corbyn can go off on nice trips together!!	2
oooh she and corbyn can go off on nice trips together!!	5
island songs are getting me through the day	0
that lowkey hurt my feelings	1
ill cut your shit off at the weather head	0
made my flight & headed back to the o! praying for a safe travel	0
is there actually 11 first team players there  ?  mr needs to do some work	3
is there actually 11 first team players there  ?  mr needs to do some work	5
#reasonstoretweetyourself any of you fine ladies want to watch me retweet myself while i watch you ? 	0
summer holiday booked 3 weeks until i can have a much needed week in the greek sun	0
me right now .  .  . ahhhhrt just remembered i did something really stupid last night	1
im not	0
was it imelda ? 	0
oh .  what was that for ?  we were so lucky with escape from gringotts and forbidden journey ,  being to walk straight on them . 	0
strong people break ,  fall ,  and get sad too	1
ill call you a bitch or hoe so fast and wont even notice i said it	1
looks like im drinking milk and ice cubes	0
oh my god	0
same girl same	1
alex and bertha are dying at that video	0
why my dad got an uber account	0
seems like twitter has closed the self-retweet option after people rted their centuries old tweets .  very nadeedy log	0
i buy my parents sneakers for any and every occasion i hate shopping	0
im just out here livin . 	0
since when	1
my motherboard isnt made for i7 its an ad960+ i think and you have to have special ram for your motherboard ; )	0
every time i speak my mum rips into me	0
halfway moved in with my bf #cantwait #excited	0
nysc took bae away from me today .  no im not crying .  its sand that entered my eyes	1
halle thats fucked if u tricked her	0
every time when i see spielberg - i want to visit this circuit #notthisyear	3
every time when i see spielberg - i want to visit this circuit #notthisyear	5
so underrated mixtape was fire bro	1
nooooo switzerland	1
nooooo switzerland	3
no im just excited im getting another concert ticket before that one	0
most useless one here	0
that shit be hurting me mane	2
that shit be hurting me mane	4
so .  .  . thts y she left ? !	5
nando a funny ass nigga	0
like a knife in the woods ,  you hunt down the good in me	1
after he gave me the ticket money ,  i said bye .  waqala small talk and i told him kuyabanda ndangena endlini .  no bhuti no	0
my dog has finally got off my lap so i can move again	0
that texting back be deadly my way	0
happy 18 birthday to my brother brother	0
jesus is heated	0
yaaas miss u ate ,  enjoy luv u mwa	0
aesi curiosity ne mar jao gi .  lol jk . 	0
need a nap . 	1
i dont call .  i facetime	0
this means we cant have our late night movies anymore	1
yeah ok mf  . 	0
keep out of trouble! make sure you dont get your head caved in needs his wing man!	0
whats wrong with xhosa women and xhosa guys  ? i need an explanation fam like #datemyfamily	1
betting on rj shedding a few tears for his girl sure #aldub11thmonthsary	0
happy birthday to you too . 	0
to real quick	0
dont worry megan well find another walmart in to	0
i got to the station on time .  unfortunately the train is running an hour and a half late #pasco #amtrak	2
i got to the station on time .  unfortunately the train is running an hour and a half late #pasco #amtrak	4
up watching tv with ma	0
finally going home . 	1
mondayyyyy	0
why is it so hot ? 	1
the heck is this ?  i asked for real food ,  not this!	2
in need of a gym partner	1
lol #trash is better	0
hate this so much ,  i am not visiting porn site	1
that five below store has everythinggggg	3
that five below store has everythinggggg	5
ellen youre making bank by taking peoples online math classes for them	0
you too bruh ,  we jiggy thats why lol .  we gotta link up sometime again	0
happy birthday	0
just a kiss!	0
its 330 am ,  way past my bed time .  lol im never up this late .  .  .  cant sleep doeee	1
im just thankful that even through all these ,  i still have god by my side	1
had an amazing camping trip tho	0
taught my dog a new trick	0
wanna hook it up w free tickets for tonight in mpls	1
6 months from today ill be an adult what	3
6 months from today ill be an adult what	5
the leaf filter was on snapchat for 20 seconds .  i didnt even get a chance to use it	1
rereading convos from last night	0
yeah thats what im saying  ,  i already helped 2 people without no problems	0
ahahaha i watch your snapchat stories yeahhh .  .  . sometimes you really are	0
ahahaha i watch your snapchat stories yeahhh .  .  . sometimes you really are	0
awardlaina .  .  .  rewardlaina .  .  .  boxoffice recordlainaaaa .  .  .  annayyee ra bhai care of address !! atm ultimate statement	0
you got the hips i got the cheeks	0
thanks ,  z!	0
back to the states today	1
thank you	0
bring you around the gang and let you wear my chain	0
i cant wait till september its homecoming and the rice festival	0
fossil i have 3 fossil watches ded	1
i know	0
youre so amazing in everything you do ! your such a role model to me and i love to watch you at #sytycd	0
once i stop fucking with you your dead to me lil buddy	0
put in my 30 day notice ,  time to make the big move next door 4 bedrooms and an extra bathroom house&gt ; duplex #illtakeit	0
not downloading this! imma wait	1
life crazy	1
im just now seeing this and its honestly the best thing ive ever seen and heard and its so true	0
lol prob not hahaha im at work & i know i just wanna sleep after this	0
i really cant stop tweeting about food  ,  i aint ate nothing yet	2
i really cant stop tweeting about food  ,  i aint ate nothing yet	4
police everywhere	1
oh yeaaa fasho	0
thank you	0
bagong album please . 	1
bagong album please . 	4
kolej ni jadi tempat pembiakan lipas ,  they are just like everywhere	5
man all the money i done had but still aint got wat i want	4
im about to make french toast when i get home	0
we all get disappointed with our choices sometimes eg friends ,  jobs ,  etc .  dont be hard on yourself .  you live and learn . 	0
ali will save herself just like hanna did #saveali #prettylittleliars	2
ali will save herself just like hanna did #saveali #prettylittleliars	5
i never understood how someone can just take someones life away from them #ripchristina	1
patiently waiting for fall weather	0
waffle house is soooo much better when u got the munchies	0
i would so be fired rn if i worked anyplace other than the g	0
love jamming and playing with my makeup	0
thank you	0
what happened ? !	5
brittney cheated on uzi  ? ! they aint loyal!!!!!	1
lady bug	0
id so much rather not go to my exams and get a u on results day than actually go and do them and still get a u	1
there is so much gun violence in america ,  yet people still are against more rules and regulations for people buying a gun	2
there is so much gun violence in america ,  yet people still are against more rules and regulations for people buying a gun	4
lol bet	2
lol bet	4
for the record that like is a with a side of	1
my thoughts too .  smart marketing to broaden the demographics beyond just basketball and shoe junkies	0
i can be rude asf to my brother but as soon as someone else is rude to my brother i get pissed	0
id like to say the darty was a success more to come . 	0
but thank you for your kind words	0
youre welcome	0
kiya nem make me not wanna have sex  .  .  ever	0
yes ,  sinceritas ,  wonderful latin name .  .  .  grande ben lerner ,  grazie paul!	0
i dont have any friends let alone a but thats okay because bc my cats are always here	0
2 sugars with a cup of tea is a must have	0
free chipotle if you retweet this taylor	0
siena and i may turn into jello after cusa with all the shots weve made . 	0
looks like i might have 2 jobs #grindtime	0
i want strawberry cheesecake	1
movies like this reinforce values & likely contributed to the awesome ,  accepting person you are today . 	0
tonight we fucked up at the hottest night club in cancun ,  the city nightclub	0
i cried during finding dory though #greatmovie	0
lord ,  i need you more than ever right now . 	1
the homies is free loaders	0
gtfoh lil boy	0
shes so hot	0
why didnt i buy munchies	1
i actually do want to start running .  i wanted caleb to do some races with me but hes not very motivated	0
that reminds me of when alli ran into the corner of the wall trying to grab jinx .  you really are sisters	0
youre doing exceptionally well	0
havent even bought kids room stuff yet was super exhausted last night!	5
plus shit is basically unpredictable	0
but bitchhhh you be having me i fwy today on ft had me dead	0
but bitchhhh you be having me i fwy today on ft had me dead	2
but bitchhhh you be having me i fwy today on ft had me dead	1
but bitchhhh you be having me i fwy today on ft had me dead	0
thank you darby!!	0
messed up my whatsapp and now i cant go in	2
you know when people are bummy and they dont even know it . 	4
reunited with asma for a while . 	0
happy birthday have a fun day mf!	0
certain smells make me wanna throw up	1
what you call it when you think you have a brilliant tweet ,  but the rest of the planet disown you for it	0
i want to own it	0
aww thx	0
#prayforchristina why is this happening i pray she pulls through	1
g shit	0
on a mission to buy cupcakes rn	0
ill go with you	0
good! eat chocolate ,  its a food for the brain	0
thank you for following !	0
give me someone that grew up in the hood but aint no gangster ,  plain ts and some scruff on his face lmfao . 	0
blake lively is bae	0
shorty should be in my bed by myside	2
shorty should be in my bed by myside	4
more like family	0
so ready for for birthday meal this evening!	0
big gas saturday hotel party	0
7 months down .  over it	1
cat purring really calms me down . 	0
deadpool ,  guardians of the galaxy ,  and puppy cuddles .  .  . that is all	0
i want a silk pj set for the summer	1
i thought you forgot about me i miss you too tho	1
i thought you forgot about me i miss you too tho	1
again you just made my day! lol	0
lmao true! it was fate	1
hi can you follow me back ?  solid knfan here	0
haha true true but takes too long to grow oh ok awesome! we leave a week after ,  on the 1st .  cant wait	1
you are so beautiful	0
im just on here liking everything	0
car searching is annoying as a muthafuckaa	4
love is blind & it will take over your mind	0
all i want is a clear mind & happy heart	0
wow ,  they are obviously easily offended glad its not just me though #paranoia	2
wow ,  they are obviously easily offended glad its not just me though #paranoia	5
its ok!!	0
if only i could	1
oh right .  well get revising then .  hehe . 	0
how you like it ? 	0
if you do end up changing it .  i like the first one	0
haha ive been certified for 9 years	2
haha ive been certified for 9 years	4
my twin	0
we miss you too . 	1
i need a fade	1
happy birthday to you promod may god always bless you	0
happy birthday to you promod may god always bless you	0
your fake	0
apparently	0
i gotta get this off my chest real quick	1
i love e40s voice	0
youre gonna kill it!	0
i need somebody to beat my face	0
same feels	1
my feet feel like they are about to swell up	1
my tummy hurt  . 	1
im crying you guys are the hottest couple	1
i lost the remote to my apple tv now idk what i should do with my life anymore	1
happy fathers day . 	3
happy fathers day . 	5
she was my favorite	1
im not feeling this song at all	2
i havent been around my friends in like 3 days and literally all i have done since ive met up with them is smile and laugh at everything	0
ryan already invited me to nola .  as if i needed an invitation . 	0
im getting hella sick	1
the only way my mom is gonna let me buy saint pablo tickets is if its on groupon smh	1
whole family full of savages dont fuck around lil homie	2
im way under calories for the day ,  i need to eat	0
im brown skin in the summer an light skin in the winter	0
- cheese ball gang - family picture - always arguing with gabby - cuteness	0
im so serious	2
im so serious	5
i want everything from pink moon	1
i feel like death! and i was ready to get on this flight and sleep .  it had to be delayed by 30 minutes	0
lmfaoo true	0
30 seconds to mars melhor banda ever	0
#snp #eu remember the eu is possibly going to crumble denmark and sweden next call an referendum now again off you go good luck	0
so i accidentally washed the check baylee wrote me .  told her i would forget about it being in my pocket . 	0
ahh shit im down!	0
but who gives a fuck when youre earning £300 , 000k a week	0
i definitely need a day at the beach soon	2
i definitely need a day at the beach soon	4
i just re did my whole room and im in love	0
them pink wafers anything wafer tbh	0
next stop is thailand	0
idk what to do anymore . 	1
its so comfortable it was only 13 too	0
been having the worst days lately	1
funny ?  active ? 	0
sml for young dory	0
gain tweet in 4 mins , 	2
i know the feeling . 	0
few hours to turn up whats good	0
thats fucked up . 	2
thats fucked up . 	4
one day we can break the distance ?  #asknate	1
its official	0
oh yes! its so scary that i returned the book . 	0
the burns on my hands got so nasty	4
sweta di one autograph plz if its possible 4 u	0
thank you for listening to it! mustve made your ears bleed	0
i just be feeling so dumb mane	1
exploration of the industrial nation	0
the realest!	0
happy bday	0
dey tough on computers in real life dey bitches	1
ooo baby .  .  you shouldve just surprised me ,  came over ,  and have woken me up for that	0
still have early classes tomorrow so ill not be able to wait for cys	1
cant wait to finish col tomorrow	0
all my a&t girlfriends so fine & thats facts	1
u could not be more wrong	0
why im not receiving messages	2
why im not receiving messages	4
of course! they are just my "ahas" of your amazing ideas! i used some good old-fashioned pen and paper for them	0
nigga you dumb congratulations tho	0
just said on live he would love the job hopefully! will be £550 odd richer	0
hell no henny can stay its ass with you	1
hey do u still have room for some sax on ur project ?  ?  i know someone whod love to play on it .  .  .  . 	0
 ,  i love your snapchat videos .  youre cute and sweet like your character , kira . 	0
aww bohot achchi aadat hai coz you make excellent edits	0
he only wears that for you	0
i cant un see this	0
im bored sos	1
if you dont drive like an asshole in la youll miss your off ramp	0
to bad ian got nobody to send me one unless one of my friends love me enough to send me one  . 	0
hot bath hot tea & halls	4
i really wanna go to the bahamas again	1
if you had mrs webster for kindergarten then we met at olive grove	0
cant get enough of hook ,  line and sinker do miss last years lot though #loveisland	0
kiss925 rozweston mochafrap damnitmaurie "boxers ,  briefs ,  boxer briefs" so hilarious .  via kiss925	0
traion is daddy  . 	0
ill never understand it ,  truly incompreh…	1
i lost my mom when we were at kohls and i couldnt find her for like 20 minutes	1
i would really rather be going to cali rn	0
thanks for good music a hug from #chile	0
bia is shy	0
want to go to work today	0
· he never showed up for his case .  busted trafficking drugs into north carolina .  still there . 	0
damm taylor gets around .  . barely broken up with bf and now with someone else i bet shell still blame the men in her s…	0
bills bills bills cant even enjoy a paycheck  . 	2
bills bills bills cant even enjoy a paycheck  . 	4
is giving away dms right now dont miss the chance and follow them	1
thats pretty funny	0
translation please	0
being a stay at home girlfriend was simply amazing .  i loved every damn second ,  until i got bored with shopping	1
if only athletics was easy	0
reviewing applicants resumes and realizing most of them are the same age as me #idkhowtoadult	3
reviewing applicants resumes and realizing most of them are the same age as me #idkhowtoadult	5
vacation begins in one hour when we leave for nags head	0
ok clearly i have to just watch all of #oitnb cause you niggas just wont stfu	2
ok clearly i have to just watch all of #oitnb cause you niggas just wont stfu	4
i feel bad for my boyfriend im literally always pushing on him to get off the bed since i cant get up by myself anymore	1
you know me well enough to know im 100% not in them	3
you know me well enough to know im 100% not in them	5
what	0
exactly	1
thanks thats great advice	0
this work meeting better be worth it!	2
this work meeting better be worth it!	4
i dont even remember you giving me one but ill give you a dollar for sure	0
you are sick	3
you are sick	5
please stay away	0
im sooooo need to finish my woooorrkkkk zz so malasss	0
#thefosters was intense tonight	3
#thefosters was intense tonight	5
what the fuck happened last night	3
what the fuck happened last night	5
thats my joke!	5
gotta get up in 6 hours and im wide awake	0
did my first 10 stair today #skateboarding	0
you caught it	0
then she proceeded to get kicked out of her sorority	0
aww see i still wanna go im looking at them $200 joints	1
im sitting all retarded & uncomfortable cause evelyn wants to be holding my hand & if i let go she cries but we still have an hour left	0
im sitting all retarded & uncomfortable cause evelyn wants to be holding my hand & if i let go she cries but we still have an hour left	1
3 hours of sleep what da heck	0
thank you honey .  soo glad we finally met .  yall are very special . 	0
thank you honey .  soo glad we finally met .  yall are very special . 	0
call me stupid	2
call me stupid	4
lmao im too lit for this conversation	0
#icantfuckwithyou if you snap while you hitting the blunt . 	2
#icantfuckwithyou if you snap while you hitting the blunt . 	4
that little puppy was so cute  . 	0
time to sleep	0
 .  .  . im creeping myself	0
bought myself 7 new dresses	0
its okay bae ,  i need it too . 	1
wow only two people working on a sunday at my fav makes me theres a long line of people .  wheres management to help out ? 	1
i mean .  .  comparing your mother inlaw with your mum without any trace of praise ,  not advisable	0
i still feel the tequila just thinking about it	4
i cant stand a liar man like dont lie to me lol i obviously already know the truth . 	0
im finna be watching hell date until it go off	1
idk what ima get that man  ,  he got everything already	1
im dead ass hurt though	1
one direction returns with breaks the truth ?  please tell me yes	1
damn im salty as hhheellll	1
i miss you too youve been gone for like 7 years	1
speaking of .  .  . @ringofire1 still has spaces left i think!	0
lol bet	0
they are curry two lows they look nothing like nurse shoes	2
they are curry two lows they look nothing like nurse shoes	4
happy ryeowook day jgn ngambek lg yah we here for you as always #happyryeowookday	0
happy ryeowook day jgn ngambek lg yah we here for you as always #happyryeowookday	0
ce weekend sannonce bien	0
it start it raining hella hard	1
it start it raining hella hard	5
who the fuck mows at this time ? 	2
who the fuck mows at this time ? 	4
you know its been a long weekend when all your family does is sleep all day .  .  .  . 	0
no lie i really got hella nieces and nephews i will not have any kids	0
im so angry .  how is there no food in this house ? 	2
im so angry .  how is there no food in this house ? 	4
can you stop adding me to lists over and over again please .  i keep mistaking the notifications with someone that actually cares	1
niggas aint shit ,  fuck it	0
but i feel like chowing is more solid than getting big	0
my pleasure! though the gift was quite heavy to carry	0
ain got no hoes man when my phone broke all they ass went ghost on my ass	0
ain got no hoes man when my phone broke all they ass went ghost on my ass	1
shes got my back! im actually good at helping others just slightly more reckless behaviour for myself .  .  . 	0
congratulations to whos sister melody is having a baby today!	0
omg my birthday is june 30	0
youre always so sweet and supportive	0
im praying the power didnt go out at work .  .  . 	3
im praying the power didnt go out at work .  .  . 	5
i miss my baby soooo much	1
would rather talk to mark than kyle right now .  .  .  id get a fucking reply from mark	2
its okay .  didnt mean to put you on blast like that were still friends right ? 	1
thank you! basically stans parents are super hippies so being really proper and besweater-vested was his "rebellion"	0
 .  .  . pun sort of intended	0
i just need one decent nights sleep .  is that too much to ask for ? 	1
i cant wait for my cruise in august	1
finally got my chips	0
i sleep all day	2
i sleep all day	4
ive been down for too long	0
gucci mane has to have either dentures or veneers .  .  his teeth are so freaking white . 	0
i think im going to stop smoking	1
keith powers so cute	0
ill go to college when i get rich	1
i might fuck around and sleep my whole summer away	0
save money and buy a house or spend $3 , 500 for a front row ticket to see mariah for my birthday then i can die happy	0
save money and buy a house or spend $3 , 500 for a front row ticket to see mariah for my birthday then i can die happy	0
battery 2% ,  just when im getting comfortable around here .  .  .  uchuku lolwantoni na	1
battery 2% ,  just when im getting comfortable around here .  .  .  uchuku lolwantoni na	4
he will be known as the god of sacha ,  just as he was known as the god of abraham ,  the god of isaac .  testimonies every single day!	1
i have a headache	3
ive never been this bored & hot	2
ive never been this bored & hot	4
we both just kinda took a nap while on facetime	0
bet some ass kissers and that award show sucked sorry ,  not sorry . 	0
cavs gonna lose on they home court again! they got too comfortable	0
lol definitely in football years	0
ok .  .  .  im trying to find him on social media because i have him but now i cant remember his user names	1
it sucks that its the last weekend of it	2
i was told a lie and the truth came slapping me in the face	1
i just watched a youtube ad for the first time in a log time cause mobile .  the honda commercial where the guy that slaps the skip button	0
ive gotten terrible with texting ppl back	1
yikes scrappy and bobby v performing in front a crowd of 27 at taco mac during lunch hour .  i am unable	1
right! im in awe	1
im sorry i didnt realize it was your birthday to when i sent this .  .  . 	1
at least a happy ending for today	0
i been going to sleep real late .  lately .  and its annoying cause my ass be waking up early i aint used to this no	1
my sister jessy mendiola is on mmk today . 	0
ready to get my hair done tomorrow	2
btw my mother said your song is awesome and she usually hates things i listen to so congrats to you	0
dont know know what im finna go buy to eat	1
that was not long enough at all	1
what do you want for your birthday ?  ?  ?  ?  follow me baes please	1
 . @holyroodmandy indy scotland in eu joins euro .  .  .  .  so not independent then .  .  .  .  look at eu treatment of greece .  € #indyref2	5
thankssss sister i miss you wyd	0
might go to chick fil a just to get me a cookies & cream milkshake	1
she never left . 	1
know you but you pretty lil light skin self nd	0
owell ion care	0
im doing way too many jobs at one time to be this broke .  .  .  #dontwanttofuckwithmysavings	1
i love your picture on here	0
well its about that time to take yo sleepy ass to bed aint it mr .  farr ? 	0
so fancy	5
just realize this was the first night this summer i slept in peace without a once of stress	0
thank you ,  missy!! you look amazing ,  too! hope life is treating you well!	0
i dont think ive ever cried this much over a show	1
will power	1
#gullas and #dicarlos pizza i have to stock up . 	0
thanxx bhai	0
hope you had a great weekend and wishing you an amazing week ahead i love yew my angel #youmakemehappy	0
hope you had a great weekend and wishing you an amazing week ahead i love yew my angel #youmakemehappy	0
hope you had a great weekend and wishing you an amazing week ahead i love yew my angel #youmakemehappy	0
hope you had a great weekend and wishing you an amazing week ahead i love yew my angel #youmakemehappy	0
youre welcome	0
im late but aye	0
i legit hate these fake "got money" niggas please have several seats i get irked everytime i see one	0
this is mom tho	0
so sorry to hear of the death of jo cox mp a terrible tragic & avoidable death .  our prayers to her family especially her husband &	1
come do that shit you be texting	0
it hurts	1
u wild ,  we boutta come to florida soon tho	0
zone 15 bor!	0
spain cant draw this game	1
burger king	0
i feel like this cookout about to be packed	1
send me a screenshot of my notifications on for a dm back!	0
i tell him fuck me good put that weight on me fucking with a boss thats what they label me	0
laying down when i should be up cleaning & packing	1
oh yes maam	0
same ive gotten in over my head	1
deal i have to wait till we know when our exams are (probably around september) and maybe i can make it to a show then	0
deal i have to wait till we know when our exams are (probably around september) and maybe i can make it to a show then	0
you can retweet youre own tweets now	0
stop lying	0
its breaking my heart honestly	1
my boss always asks me to go to happy hour w her ,  but then she remembers that im not even 20 yet & says nvm	1
em so exsoyyyted #mpkjohnatkristoffer	0
i broke one of my cutest vases . 	1
you seem like a cool guy but idk	0
i have been judged by and everyone here in sb	0
you know yall my brothers but i sure as hell wouldnt fw i learned my lesson rs and i know when to sit back	1
same	2
cant find the popcorn	1
what a cutester! never takes rabbits long to go exploring	0
nats a horrible bitch .  i will destroy her in two minutes .  #bbuk	0
gotta start getting my stuff ready for work	1
i miss eating the food my mom makes	1
its unthinkable! im currently debating the £41 for the new abh palette	1
its his bestfriends birthday .  he can take today off .  i know he dont wanna go anyway	0
im suspicious of this sexy chubby . 	1
lastly ,  please the dog filter is tired of you	2
lastly ,  please the dog filter is tired of you	4
stomach doing numbers right now	4
i heard that too .  it was on here though so probably complete rubbish . 	0
be missin my baby he cant go nowhere no mo	3
be missin my baby he cant go nowhere no mo	5
i really miss	1
never heard of it ,  that means we have to go	0
everyone says it n im like ok	0
thank you fortunately its nothing really important ,  just holding $100 hostage ,  not like denying coverage or something	0
wait i just agreed that im dumb	1
ah you give me butterflies	0
single with no hoes	1
its not the world ,  its the people babe .  heal the people . 	4
some people say that is bullshit trying to get ur follow  , but im a dreamer i always will try cause i love u #facetimemenash	0
hey man you know wasssup .  you needa drop yo hoes so we can be together lol but you my baby	0
hey man you know wasssup .  you needa drop yo hoes so we can be together lol but you my baby	0
hey man you know wasssup .  you needa drop yo hoes so we can be together lol but you my baby	1
wow what a volley from boateng	3
wow what a volley from boateng	5
when ihop doesnt have cinnabon pancakes anymore	1
damn-rehearsal tonight & missed the game!am i geeky enough to watch red sox in two ? what did i miss ? plagued by questions . 	0
prayers to everyone in orlando	1
my twitter wont refresh	1
deffff dont need it	0
lmfaooo im blood again . 	1
i need to lose some pounds  . 	1
making chocolate chip protein pancakes for breakfast	0
im ready for august	1
ive been lacking on  .  im just now getting life together & keeping up with her finally	0
ive been lacking on  .  im just now getting life together & keeping up with her finally	0
ive been lacking on  .  im just now getting life together & keeping up with her finally	1
us too grill 24/7 #topyoursummer #sweepstakes	0
my job amaze me everyday	0
i envy people who can grow nails	1
playing soccer by myself  ,  fuck it	0
if u love me i need a 4 page essay explaining why u love me!!!	0
yep! one of my twins has the six the other and myself still have the 5s .  some day	0
im so pretty right ?  smh	1
i miss babe	1
someone tell me the score of the game please ? 	1
i swear i literally sleep away all my days now and only function at night .  its like ,  what even is sunlight ? ! ? !	0
monday morning time to get these gains for that lifeguard at the pool	0
nap at work	0
some of these girls could have had a chance if they didnt have a bad history	1
there are not enough hours in the day to get all of this done	1
good morning niall .  . 	0
lol .  its true	0
ok i just looked at the spot where it was and its disappeared	1
awe look how tiny & adorable you are next to his tall self so looking forward to it! ^_^	0
twitter is like pinterest .  i look at food and workouts most of the time	0
because you stuck on her	0
its so many roller coasters ,  water slides ,  beaches ,  and fuckin animals here	1
my package will be here tomorrow	0
not today! not today!	0
they just wanted a taste of freedom	0
cant wait to get off work and see what my mom cooked lol	0
oh hey stranger	0
thats okay ,  we wont need any of that	0
youre welcome!	0
breaking the internet	0
im grump too	0
youno my ass fat & thank you	0
youno my ass fat & thank you	0
im sorry its so desperately divisive .  some of my family members arent speaking over it .  so sad . 	1
"we had pictures from ap .  .  . " sounds different from ive no say .  your excuses are getting worse!	0
yep baks	0
wish i was in the financial position to buy season tickets for the ducks! maybe next	1
lake day	0
the amount of rain coming down is crazy . 	2
the only reason i didnt want to do life earlier was strictly based on leg day .  .  other than that ,  i feel so good today .  about everything . 	2
the only reason i didnt want to do life earlier was strictly based on leg day .  .  other than that ,  i feel so good today .  about everything . 	5
i texted you	2
everything ant does makes me laugh	0
lmao i hate these service providers	1
who would of thought that half way through the year ja happ would be the jays best pitcher	0
omg i literally saved this one already	0
cant stand his voice and watching a good documentary	0
this girl gets on my nerve lol we gone fuck one day	0
what can we say ?  shes got good taste . 	0
we really are	0
sex is on my brain whyyyy	1
me to girl and i dont even be knowing kause i dont call	0
the other leadership candidates had all the charm and conviction of wooden spoons .  but corbyn isnt an effective leader . 	1
for once i know what time the warriors game is	0
should be a crime to have a belly that fat and gorgeous	0
damn why did people think this weekend was a good time for a shooting spree .  #orlando you have a problem . 	1
if my brother come clutch for my birthday i should have my rafs	0
crazy how you can go from feelin on top of the world to lowest youve ever been	1
caldereta ice cream ,  buto ng pakwan ice cream ,  dragon sid ice creams yum	0
i actually didnt know who tf he was	0
damazae so nice	0
its 11:11 time to make a wish .  . i wi .  .  . oh wait its 11:12 .  #thehistoryofmylife #lol	1
welcome cousin	0
the weather here	0
i swear i get pulled over for the dumbest reasons . 	0
my feelings are literally still so incredibly hurt .  .  . 	1
mums quote of the morning ,  i had a large glass of wine last night ,  it was in the shape of a bottle	0
yeah yeah	0
mirror says yes - selfie says no	0
help me god!	1
im so antisocial	1
my last episode	1
clearly lol happy engagementversary .  .  .  .  .  thats totally a word	0
like glitter and all that jazz	3
like glitter and all that jazz	5
*plays the line by dangelo*	0
im serious hopefully it dont be my family members	1
yep ,  i do	0
send me one or three .  .  .  jp jp .  .  . 	0
send me one or three .  .  .  jp jp .  .  . 	1
can i get better already want to go gym so badly hate sitting at home	1
can i get better already want to go gym so badly hate sitting at home	1
ill cya in team sports ,  4th period bro .  bring your skillz	0
the moment im done and trying to share it google doc wanna act up and only have 8 mins left	2
the moment im done and trying to share it google doc wanna act up and only have 8 mins left	4
i dont think id be cut out for it .  half the girls wouldnt get a rose the first night	0
i like eat pho!	1
aye im ready when you is .  i see you on right now	0
happy bday	0
i shall go have better taste	0
10/10 i look better then shawty so i aint even gone trip lol	0
blessed & highly favored	0
wreck it ralph 2	0
martin jones	5
if i loved you ,  and you lost me .  .  lmao i feel bad for you	1
told you i got zs for these other girls sleeping on em girl im	0
i just cant believe that youre gone we know that youre with god #prayforchristina	1
androgeo *_*	3
androgeo *_*	1
people are dumb	0
my twitter handle should explain it all #growingupwithmyname	2
3 am and im up because i feel sick	0
i can retweet my own tweets now .  .  .  twitter has now upgraded my petty	1
simon says ride it your way	0
good one actually made me laugh	0
wouldnt be surprised if a usga official came running on to the green and lobbed his ball ,  only thing left to stop dj winning a major	0
terrible quince	0
what a shitty world we live in!! thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families #turkeyblast #ataturkairport	1
we wont i promise	0
im so proud is #besomebodymovietonumber1 9	0
i just dont want to get yelled at and his dogs are fucking bitches	1
you understand	0
i think hes a great actor but i wouldnt say hes the most good looking	0
so proud of you !! good job on of us is clever love you !!	0
so proud of you !! good job on of us is clever love you !!	0
went to on laselle st .  & they gave me some rotten cheese .  never going to that subway again . 	4
damn hot	0
ok ok goodnight i love you all sm	0
god i wish i still had my dirt bike	1
rip trea lew	1
can he start tomorrow ? 	2
can he start tomorrow ? 	4
inspiring story of a brave girl #mmkcourageouscatie	1
i need my nails done	1
deseree birthday needs to hurry up cs	0
thanks cutie	0
when your doctor tells you to fast for 12 hours while your family eats pizza for dinner . 	2
when your doctor tells you to fast for 12 hours while your family eats pizza for dinner . 	4
uhhhh taking a shot of bleach to the head	0
a donde ? 	0
you wouldnt have "let" me do anything i wouldve beaten you	0
wow ! welcome for new phone !	0
damnnnn day streak w my babe	0
booty pics for the soul but i dont get none	1
getting hickeys where no one can see them but you	0
wooohooo must be too easy trev	0
idc how childish blocking is  ,  ill block a bitch in a sec poof bye	0
idc how childish blocking is  ,  ill block a bitch in a sec poof bye	0
thank youuuu x x x	0
hell yes . 	1
hell yes . 	4
did you see yesterdays episode ?  the way the worker at the motel died was so brutal	1
thank you liz for all your hard work and lovely creations that contribute to the show . 	0
wait are they closing it ? 	1
look bae	0
you always make my day so i had to	0
i love how my phone autocorrected zaddy to zadddy	1
youd be so disappointed in me .  .  . i was still hungover from the night before & didnt touch it!	2
youd be so disappointed in me .  .  . i was still hungover from the night before & didnt touch it!	5
i didnt choose 4th year life .  4th year life chose me . 	0
on a submarine in the mediteranian ocean	3
i should do it	0
#teamsuperfamilytime i wish it was .  apparently well have to wait until june of 2017 for season 5!	1
i thought i was in love with this grad student this nigga was craaazzzzzyyyyy	0
and good luck with that somehow i dont think he would get in .  .  . 	0
lmao he work there so he just might be and ill be in the ville tomorrow where you going to be	0
debating	0
only £5 if youre under 23	0
just gotta enjoy it and have fun	0
7 am to 8 pm class today . 	1
daddy & daughters bond	0
happy birthday!!	0
im really not that bad of a driver i promise	2
im really not that bad of a driver i promise	5
i cant listen to controlla without thinking about caleb dancing to it	0
two days til oitnb yasssss im thirsty!	0
h o t | what a sexiest & hot look of for hottest man on earth ! || if you agree ! ht…	0
h o t | what a sexiest & hot look of for hottest man on earth ! || if you agree ! ht…	0
daddy  ,  daddy  ,  daddy  ,  daddy  ,  daddy  .  .  .  (in my annoying voice)	0
tfw u make ur friends listen to and they love it	0
why ?  every time u say that u leave right after	0
at this point i wouldnt be surprised tbh	0
lmao .  but seriously i actually feel scared now when i get on twitter fam	0
apparently i had 11 lighters hidden in my room .  .  .  .  looks like i dont need to visit the liquor store for awhile	0
but steven wright is our ace ,  david is just paid the most	0
lmao im weak cause of his lisp	1
live and let die	0
"they were kk members"	1
well that escalated quickly	0
got off to this stoned on ocean	0
true	0
this fuckn headache killn me yo	1
this fuckn headache killn me yo	4
okay love you & you welcome	0
flawless touch by modric ,  damnnn #euro2016	0
idc idc idc	0
yep first 2 picks 2 shards	0
i was so excited to eat this soup only to realize i didnt have a can opener	1
"eat" different porridges (that white substance) until you find your fav!	0
come ex band ? 	1
back in action	2
i type a whole message and my phone didnt even send it	2
i type a whole message and my phone didnt even send it	4
lol .  zooted .  finna eat this crawfish in a few doe . 	0
kevan .  .  .  look outside bro .  .  .  smh	1
yall really be caring what others think of yall i cant relate	0
#udtapunjableaked thanks to torrent devi we have the uncensored version  .  thanks censor board for giving it extra publicity	0
happy birthday	0
sadies a killer	4
im so mean i be curving dafuck outta niggas lmao .  .  with an attitude	1
titanic is on channel 4 today at 6 . 20pm	0
youtube purges are lethal	0
give up pal shes fandabbidozi	0
good morning!	0
haha! yep ,  that could happen as well!	0
season 5 of baby daddy is on netflix & i couldnt be happier unless it was season 12 of greys amatomy!	0
when having no boobs comes in handy	0
you always got me thinking	0
she smart though been around enough wise ppl	0
they were so obnoxious but they were hilarious	0
they were so obnoxious but they were hilarious	2
they were so obnoxious but they were hilarious	4
my ankle hurts so much i cry	1
shit dont really hit you until night time .  .  one minute u chilling ,  next minute youre down in some deep thoughts . 	1
hes a legend mate	0
you just gay af honey	0
id love to get down right dirty with you wouldnt have to think twice	2
same here although itd help if ramos sticks to lifting trophy and let others concentrate on winning it . 	0
why do your mates go out looking for girls to take home  ?  why cant you party and go home  ?  or just get a girlfriend man	1
shut up	0
you are frying puff puff ? 	1
i cook the beef well done on the double with cheese ,  special order for anybody coming for me	4
when i look at them i dont feel any regret .  .  .  so im okay	0
say it again	0
ur welcome love!! lets be friends hihi	0
i didnt even read it yet	0
oomf gon eat this like its a gourmet meal tonight	0
oomf gon eat this like its a gourmet meal tonight	0
15 minutes	0
i wont be a magogo .  .  mxm you are not nice	0
rip to our livers this weekend	0
ill never get on the board .  #betacon16	1
ill never get on the board .  #betacon16	5
you know lebron gone lose bruh just admit he	0
when a heart breaks no it dont break even	1
happy birthday !! hope youre having a good one pretty girl	0
by her friend me	0
up now and cant go back to sleep	1
god im asking you please dont take away the one i love for this	1
headache is back again	2
headache is back again	4
what in the world is this baby doing inside of me ?  i feel like hes gonna come out . 	3
what in the world is this baby doing inside of me ?  i feel like hes gonna come out . 	5
"im making cookies you want chocolate chip or sugar"	0
dm me	0
yes it is!	0
today been very slow	1
really hate wasting my time on someone . 	4
your course record is safe for another year another great year at the wall	0
i just want to lay in bed and cuddle troutie and watch victorious but nooooo here i go back into work . 	1
69ers ,  i love it	0
chest is finished	1
babyyyyy	1
so i actually understand being pressured into dating someone cause nina niyagcwala nge emotional blackmail	2
so i actually understand being pressured into dating someone cause nina niyagcwala nge emotional blackmail	4
happy rin ako for you bes	0
again !!!	1
im so indecisive!	0
you going to war with us you aint tuff enough	2
i want sushi	1
and thanks to you it owns me as well	1
piou piou	0
all these niggas the same	0
well take that!!	0
dont be a girl good luck evidence	2
dont be a girl good luck evidence	4
really wanted to go to the island today	1
im doing this	0
i feel like there is so many alice in the 100 fandom	0
i need to buy a new controller for my ps4	2
i need to buy a new controller for my ps4	4
im about to curve and cut everyone off since apparently ppl are taking screenshots of my part of the conversation .  yall aint smooth . 	0
st .  martins campus is so pretty	0
easy game para sa warriors	0
one of my favorite follows lol	0
i wish	0
its sad when we try to hate the things that we dont understand	1
gonna make it lit for a new decade	0
uh oh .  .  .  rachels plan just backfired!! i couldnt be more disappointed .  .  .  #unreal	2
why do i always find new tv shows or telenovelas when i have to study for finals ? ! thats really interesting	0
goodluck cy!	0
i love you mahal!	0
still not sleepy	4
las notis eric	0
diana has no chill or filter	0
this is the most adorable thing ive ever seen .  also your layout is so cute	0
lol umm i rather rick the monkey glasses lmao	0
hehe idk how to say to natasha	0
why am i awake	1
why am i awake	4
im dying  ,  and its painful	3
im dying  ,  and its painful	5
you up by colorado springs	0
honestly if that episode had gone the other way i would never watch another episode ever but now im very pleased with got	0
cant wait to go to colorado	0
im going to be bad when i grow up	0
sorry boy .  i have my eyes on him	0
fam day ,  day 2	0
chinese wants to buy shares of palermo as well ?  ?  italian teams are famous in china it looks like . 	0
i swear i think about sex all day	1
on attend le #clipzougoulou !	0
if all you wear are two piece sets ,  no babygirl you cant dress try again	0
today has by far been a horrible day for me	1
cute guy at abercrombie & fitch	0
chad michael murray	1
lay up with my pillow and chill	0
youre my dream my love , my life youre the one who makes me i you could you follow me ?  ?  ❥609	0
i gotta work friday til 5 but after i really wanna go see finding dory and then watch the new orange is the new black all evening/night	1
i know you said you were going to get me a big dog but can i get this with the big dog ? 	1
debating if i should twist my hair tonight  . 	1
full! sarap	0
full! sarap	1
this ig shit got me messed up "post who you want 9" lmao i know my ugly ass aint getting posted	0
i wanna meet you so bad too oml	1
i wish i had the skill of being able to go back to sleep	1
its the most boring enduring task isnt it! #firstworldissues	0
0 messages	2
0 messages	4
tell me about it .  could ?  please .  like theres a chance that wouldnt be the case .  .  . 	0
dont do that . 	1
my life consists of long shifts fat food and love island get a grippp kidd	0
jim and pam type shit	0
jakes going skydiving and im internally freaking out ,  but told him to have fun cuz im tryna be a chill gf like that	0
some days i just literally wanna eat 10 spoonfuls of cookie dough but hell no im not logging that	0
sore kook sore	1
already missing the beach	1
got my birthday outfit	0
can someone take me to the river	0
yes it is! it made me cry on and off	1
thanks	0
hahaha yes indeed! yeah i love strange brew ,  are ya kidding ,  hoser ? 	0
two of favorites in one pic	0
im just tryna keep it ion wanna damage you lol	2
happy birthday to a mas o menos member:double_exclamation_mark:️ hope its a good one	0
is amazing ,  this is why shes my best friend	0
which is what i actually do a majority of the time . 	0
thank you	0
yall got some drop put it in my dms and ill mention them	0
all these niggas talking shit to me cause mexico getting shitted on .  thats not my fault	1
im such a bitch when im cramping sorry not sorry	1
what was it ? !	0
i really need to find me one of those daishiki dresses	0
is that a booger in my nose ? 	0
yay! xx	0
you know why im here	0
what can i say	0
hell naw i dont got time for that	0
i want modric & ibra united	1
idk insomnia real	1
is everyone in pcb ? 	0
aww ,  i miss you lou dont know if i can do sunday due to the time difference but i will see you on monday	0
aww ,  i miss you lou dont know if i can do sunday due to the time difference but i will see you on monday	0
aww ,  i miss you lou dont know if i can do sunday due to the time difference but i will see you on monday	1
my memory so bad it aint even funny no more	3
my memory so bad it aint even funny no more	5
goodnight and good morning . 	0
the us seriously needs to sort out their gun laws	1
happy birthday michelle have a great day	0
yes you will fam	0
much pain i just need a so much love i need a mask so much hate i needa change	1
much pain i just need a so much love i need a mask so much hate i needa change	1
thats how its supposed to be	0
i said what i said . 	0
trill luv	0
wow mexico i wasnt expecting this	3
wow mexico i wasnt expecting this	5
check hillarys record on blacks mexicans and gays	3
check hillarys record on blacks mexicans and gays	5
you need to make some changes	0
on our way to a braai and my squad got me sitting at the back of the bukkie .  .  . i feel like this is not how you treat the youngest	1
lmbo	0
is so hot!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
some people learn you ,  just to hurt you . 	2
some people learn you ,  just to hurt you . 	4
daisy duck *quack quack	0
youre welcome! sounded great!	0
ppl weird but im in a crazy good mood so it dont een matter	0
knew i was gonna be late and still took my time	1
love seeing all the zeros for the as on the box score . 	0
i call dasia she dont answer she calls me back twice makes me get off the phone only to text me " gotta call you back " tf	2
i call dasia she dont answer she calls me back twice makes me get off the phone only to text me " gotta call you back " tf	4
bruh ,  why do people from south america follow me and tag me thinking im the guy in the venezuelan politics ?  i mean look at my profile pic	1
better figure out why she in a bad mood	2
better figure out why she in a bad mood	4
thanks man	1
#callmeseb sebastian please call me it would mean the world to me please i love you so much x186	1
its sunday .  must go to church today happy sunday fam day!	0
i dont even recognize u anymore	1
true fans bruh  .  im bout to order my finals shirt	0
true fans bruh  .  im bout to order my finals shirt	0
i . d from my little sister ?  what i . d can she produce at her tender age ? 	0
already ordered a pair of kidneys	0
full house . 	0
fuck the england team aint never gonna win it mate get a grip not with roy podgson .  .  lallana ,  vardy & rashford on bench	0
naw nah  .  look at you learning the game  .  i taught you very well	0
naw nah  .  look at you learning the game  .  i taught you very well	0
naw nah  .  look at you learning the game  .  i taught you very well	0
by default	1
i got to see my best friend today i missed her so so much i miss her again already	0
fml fml fml	1
mfw im supposed to be flying out of dallas love field today . 	2
mfw im supposed to be flying out of dallas love field today . 	5
the way he sings maria in west side meellllltttssss me	1
the number of people on facebook that think were leaving europe is truly staggering!	1
steph been acting weird	2
steph been acting weird	4
but thats never gone happen	0
omg im tired as hellllllll	3
cant believe its 6 years ago since prom ,  thats maddd	2
cant believe its 6 years ago since prom ,  thats maddd	5
ya know id be excited if i was actually going	2
ya know id be excited if i was actually going	4
bale is my guilty	0
people will keep you around until they dont need you anymore	1
honey ,  he used you	0
i really want a 6s plus	1
happy burfday yall	0
always ready to chull! whos the bakra btw	0
foo really called me a "puto limon"	0
tangina wednesday and friday sched	1
she so mad its funny	0
wish i had a gf with good eyelashes would legit just stare at her eyes	0
wish i had a gf with good eyelashes would legit just stare at her eyes	1
rested now ? 	0
thank god this house has a pool	0
morning lee	1
im going with the assumption that theyre not familiar with emojis ,  and confused this one with this one	0
im going with the assumption that theyre not familiar with emojis ,  and confused this one with this one	1
thank you bby love you more	0
cant wait for the gym in the morning	0
kinda want to go edc ,  kinda dont want to spend $200 for the ticket	1
watching the last two episodes of ncis from this season so i can cry it out . 	1
andalee	4
i looked out for you on the telly box but didnt see you . 	0
thankyou because i made a list and all that was on it was chips gatorade and snacks	0
- god love them .  they could be larry and i . 	0
stopped eating greasy food but the parents still make me pick up their takeout #temptation	1
i cant embarrass my child like that ,  its way too fucked	1
i hope my birthday party turns out nice	1
scream is back ,  oitnb is back ,  pll is almost back .  .  .  john doesnt like my tv choices	1
i miss you oomf be calling me	0
he gets motion sickness	1
lol i wish . 	1
ate aya is the best	1
ending the show with callalily here at solenad 3 ,  nuvali #lovemsomas #iloveayalamalls #ilovesolenad	0
lol foreal tho ,  i thought the same thing	0
thank you baby youre too sweet	1
thank you baby youre too sweet	0
purge 3&gt ; &gt ; &gt ; conjuring 2	2
im ready to go home and get ready so i can go partyyyy!!!	0
but that was with my mother	0
just be patient	0
my supposed to be review time for the qualifying exam tomorrow became self reflection time . 	0
lies .  . 	0
lmao that looks so bad	0
i laugh by myself to much	0
blessed to be another year older	0
girl .  .  .  *attendant!	0
you guys were amazing todayyyy	0
yay! i think we could all do with some cheering up ,  and this will be cool . 	0
he likes to bork and make my whole life a misery	0
i have one more episode of oitnb to watch	1
fucking with me aint no sleep bih wake up daddy	0
fucking with me aint no sleep bih wake up daddy	0
ice princess	0
he big purpin cuz aint nobody wanna do his questions now his ass boutta get layed	0
are you in greece right now ?  ?  oh my im greek and i would love to meet you	3
my mom talks ma shit  .  va segui  ? 	0
i heard my snapchat message sound and thought it was him and went crazy but it was freddie	1
can i get a cup of consideration and bowl of patience , make it a combo with a piece of pride	0
i miss you too	1
used to have a girlfriend  .  .  now all i got is hoes	1
im so happy about this baby shower like its mines tho like im already thinking about the food  .  .  . 	1
i really wanna expand the people i hang out with this summer but i feel like no one would want to	0
just woke up felt good	0
just woke up felt good	0
oh fr ok thats all i needed to see	0
play rashford & vardy please	1
it shouldnt be so hard for a mf to keep it real	2
it shouldnt be so hard for a mf to keep it real	4
what the hell is wrong with some people ? !!	2
very excited to be jetting off to cannes as soon as im back! doing some exciting stuff with	0
i should really get out of bed but im so comfortable	0
i will seriously marry rihanna	0
i hope i didnt lose my wallet	1
how about bomi and hayoung ig ,  too ? 	1
maichard at broadway a non ss monday a ks plot twist .  maichard ftw and whats this ?  the oht #aldubtrueidentity makes sense	0
kinda want to go see finding dory again	0
never in my life	0
time is the only thing im not tryna waste	4
i will never understand why people go swimming in the canals	4
i cant help falling in love with you	1
ill do it when i come down	0
wassup	0
the most cruel thing unlv can do to me is schedule an exam on my 21st birthday and then another one 3 days later cant even celebrate	1
for myself	0
i dont leave for vacation for another 3 days and i already miss my dog	0
you didnt want to do something that he wanted you to do so you started disrupting the class and writing on the desk	0
and im still up right  ?  its because im frustrated & im comfy	1
and im still up right  ?  its because im frustrated & im comfy	1
its so much shit im trying to accomplish before my man gets home in april	0
4 years ago nearly every shoe was hi-top .  the most i can find now are a few mid tops ,  but thats it	1
4 years ago nearly every shoe was hi-top .  the most i can find now are a few mid tops ,  but thats it	4
thank you bby	0
thx sydney and yes please	0
i wish i could relive this one saturday from my first semester of college lol lit doesnt even fully describe how that night was	1
oh trust me i wasnt worried about that ,  i was gonna hunt you down if i had to girl	0
we know the dj	0
im bumping early	0
im up	0
cant take yisel serious when shes at work	0
happy birthday princess	0
feeling myself	1
take me to #e32016	1
dream every day on sexy world good and fun sunday	0
the new episode of "hotel" starts now!	2
its early	0
man i was just feeling better now im even more sick	1
ima real picky ass eater	0
the difference between their ,  there ,  and theyre is all different .  .  i guess some people dont understand that . 	2
the difference between their ,  there ,  and theyre is all different .  .  i guess some people dont understand that . 	4
i really dont that sad	1
are you really trying to prove me wrong after youve contradicted yourself	1
wheres that	3
wheres that	5
im listening to bb good from the jonas brothers 3d concert experience	1
haha literally chucking it down all weekend and they were wearing next to nothing	0
nuthing is fun without these people	1
heading home	0
what a long day of work	1
a terrible mistake	1
this shit has me so fucked up	2
this shit has me so fucked up	4
i hope i make it on time for work . 	1
bsr was fun though	0
i really wanna buy myself something off of my wish list ,  but i havent done anything to deserve it	1
my mom has me up soooo early to run errands before tally	1
you broke & it hurts	0
not looking forward to going to work tomorrow!	1
got my ass up with all his bullshit	0
i waited with hope but i was disappointed	1
thanks hadiah ?  kek ?  flying kiss ? 	0
actually yes ,  that booty made my eyes pop now im wide awake . 	3
actually yes ,  that booty made my eyes pop now im wide awake . 	5
cool! sounds good sis enjoy the vaca and crush work!!	0
thanks babe!	0
happy birthday	0
this girl in like in front of me had on floral birks	4
thank you marisa!	0
happy bday tu & have fun tonight miss you mucho	0
happy bday tu & have fun tonight miss you mucho	1
yeah but i didnt mean it!	1
lows still tryna hit up summer 16	0
i like the way you think	0
theres no limit to where i could take it	0
she said she never made real love till she met a thug #ratchetlifee #grownfolks this my song	0
people flat-out drinking coffee from mugs they brought from home .  #commutingwithphil	2
people flat-out drinking coffee from mugs they brought from home .  #commutingwithphil	5
always late to the party	2
always late to the party	4
when youre changing your eating habits but you just want some fries	1
she aint break it she decent	0
awwww!! what a cutie	0
jess always asks me whos the better actress .  sara or lily ?  a mofo cant choose	1
already miss you ,  honestly dont know how im going to lasttt	1
shes a huge fan of deleting things .  #deleteyouraccount	0
maybe im not the greatest at making bets	0
i once bought my old spice deorodent!	0
missyou too! movie night pls or hang!	0
idk wether to be offended or clap back	0
take your break when i take mine	1
sure! sorry it was late ,  jgh eh	0
they sent me a slip on friday	1
 . @southernrailuk if you want to pay me a lot of money ,  ill be a freelance crisis pr consultant for you	0
sleepless nights the past few nights	1
thank you	0
its me	0
ive responded to your dm ,  emma .  ~ francesca	0
cold bcd	0
happy fathers day pops love ya man	1
let me know if you need to sell them	0
im confused bc i tweeted it but youre welcome	0
not to much to say ,  already know how we rocking always	0
not to much to say ,  already know how we rocking always	0
hi!! i love you	0
summer of soccer #copaamerica #euro2016	0
*jumps in* same	0
should you no be asking dave that question .  that 30 mill warchest free agents galore .  embarrassing	0
growing up sucks  ,  the lyrics so cool man	0
i know	1
this journey mode sounds more like an inspired gta story mode	0
wife threatened me on not cooking like i aint just get 4 gift cards for fathers day .  .  .  .  bout to come home with some fire ass takeout	0
happy birthday sir paul!!! keep rocking!!!	0
no limit!!!	0
need to start a single fellas club for heartbroken and abused men like myself	1
get them trained up for later	2
if i had $1 every time owners yelled that their dog was nice while it was snarling & biting ,  chasing me and/or my horse ,  i would have $:heavy_dollar_sign::hundred_points: . 	4
oh yea  .  .  .  game of thrones was so lit lastnight ! excited for the season finale	1
i didnt take one selfie today and im just sad bc i was so cute	1
creep by radiohead will never get old especially the acoustic version	0
i want starbucks so bad rn	1
i put my heart & soul into that english final man lol im hoping for an a	1
fuck idk which route to take!!!!	1
fuck idk which route to take!!!!	4
aint nothing like a cool blue gatorade	0
working from home is the best never leaving my bed	0
i got yelled at work because i never eat when they offer to buy me stuff ?  i came to work not eat ? ¿ y u gotta lecture me	1
i wonder how long this infatuation will last . 	0
leave out looking ruff	0
yes - very good	3
yes - very good	5
thats the best thing period	0
me and elle need another holiday	2
me and elle need another holiday	4
thanks babe	0
revival! lea michelle and jonathan groff in original .  (its  .  .  .  not the best)	0
happy birthday bj  . 	0
i hate waking up in the morning but i do it knowing that i can make porridge	0
i shouldnt have added so much hot sauce to my noodles	1
teeth starting to hurt again	4
i didnt get fat on my own .  food network showed me how to make gourmet meals i wasnt snacking on junk food .  i was cooking meals . 	0
we should all be ashamed	1
im tired of people touching my braids . 	2
plz plz wish ur biggest fan ever its his bday tomorrow hbd arjun	0
same	1
he wouldnt be where he is without that era of his life ,  idk why he drags it so much	1
at least my friends appreciate me	0
btw your relationship is goals & that ring is	0
tits for you .  .  . 	0
why does hollyoaks do this to me	1
bae did a good job in our little run today . 	0
why have feelings when you can have an attitude	0
ranks are out	1
tired .  jgh	0
la real lazzy	0
if you dont hustle / trap ,  dont lie & say you do .  its okay ,  you work at burger king .  someones gotta do it lol	1
now thats a lot	0
ik you cant so shit let my opinion live let me be great	0
omg these are classy people	0
ok i need to know what kinda buns are those!!!they look yum	3
im bout irritated as fuck im ready to go home & go to sleep	2
im bout irritated as fuck im ready to go home & go to sleep	4
kick back tonight	0
so ,  he claim that is his own song ?  ?  so rudeeee &gt ; &lt ;   ; ------ ; 	3
so ,  he claim that is his own song ?  ?  so rudeeee &gt ; &lt ;   ; ------ ; 	5
oh yeaaa  ? 	0
please say you do	0
the sowed him from the inside first and then the outside idk if im explaining it right but yeah	0
i want one .  please . 	1
i love him and all but im not finna be a fool for him again	1
lol i remember that .  i took that while u was dancing before 7 on 7	0
last episode of how i met your mother	1
ohhhh well you live and you learn	0
oakland says happy fathers day	1
i wont charot haha	0
text me	0
we spent way to much there and they drank way to much there	0
justin does not need publicity in fact he could use a little less of it	1
got this early link	0
what a game it was - when borini scored the equaliser i knew wed win euphoric at the final whistle!	0
my family is canadian lmao i will be on the first plane outta here	0
might as well put this fitness connection discount into good use  ,  i miss working out everyday  . 	0
taylor i miss you! we have to hang soon! thank you so much #mayashouseforlife	0
i didnt date him last summer when he was doing all this i didnt know .  .  .  now i am i dont like it buhh imma push through it	1
bd also erred in sentence .  should correctly say - rather be a wimp due to heroin (charas)	0
valid point .  but i still dont believe in arranged relationship or marriage	0
definitely! good luck today!	0
enter me in #jendiygiveaway hope i win this can check my first post here to prove that my post is all about this giveaway 4 , 749	1
ugly but lit	0
it do not matter .  turned to a savage ,  pockets got fatter .  she call me daddy	0
never again having a bonfire in my backyard .  .  .  too much paranormal activity going on	1
he spelt it wrong on purpose	0
i think we connected ,  shes amazing	0
chilling watching ceo	0
i’m legit watching 2 white ppl try to dance it’s funny	0
dont touch whats mine dont stare at whats mine dont speak to whats mine then there would be no problem	0
i dont play with demons sorry	0
when ash got turned to stone in the first pokemon movie . 	1
cant beat that .  ^a	0
nahh im good	0
happy birthday	0
im late asf	0
i have finally recovered from last night .  .  .  . barely though	0
we live in a scary world . 	1
haters gonna hate	0
i see how no one cares for crowdfunding for my overlocker .  i need to accept my unpopularity	1
future be lit	0
shumpert should just go thru the legs on a fast break dunk so he gets less hate	0
women are so underrated in sports	1
i dont celebrate anything .  i control my on emotions .  i been happy as a dad since my first born .  everyday im happy	0
3 years ago they killed one of the best #rip lil snupe	0
best news today- is releasing her own lippies!!!!!!	0
i be weak asf	0
yass but you deserve better	0
i cant fwu if you make every girl feel like they have a chance with you	2
i cant fwu if you make every girl feel like they have a chance with you	4
i know them britni	0
be optimistic ,  tara!!!!!!!!!	0
yep .  totally .  dammit . 	0
its probably the stress and upset of the last few weeks my lovely	0
i hope you will reply me	1
lol i never can get a text back	0
french is shite anyway ,  its not even a real language	0
"the bathroom has a ton of weird blue spots from your hair . " "oh .  i wont tell u abt the couch . " "the couch ? "	0
watching all of my friends graduate makes me so excited for senior year	0
fine ill just get up and go talk to him .  .  .  im so lazy:/	0
im not playing dm me if you wanna go with me im not paying for u	0
waking up still smack is a different world	0
then lahore ? 	0
red sobbing about nicky #oitnb	1
today is a really beautiful morning i have so much energy rn	0
today is a really beautiful morning i have so much energy rn	0
whats so weird about taylor is dating someone else after two weeks break up ?  its taylor swift .  dont compare with your pathetic ex .  duh	1
chloe and halle are so beautiful ,  i love their voices	1
outta school	0
tinashe she caught me texting her ,  but its all good ,  im still in zendayas dms	0
at this point i think id rather have milner at lw than sterling	1
looking for freddie	0
i wont have a chance until jib next year but ill ask then if we still dont have an answer lol	0
people be thinking just because you can do braids people gone go to you .  of yall braids dont even	0
cant deny it i am scared for what is to come now we have voted out #eureferendum #brexit	3
cant deny it i am scared for what is to come now we have voted out #eureferendum #brexit	5
when owl city comes on at work	2
its only one person on gods green earth that can get under my skin with ease	4
why am i not downtown still crying	1
knocked out both of my tests this week! let the long weekend of festivities begin!	0
im hanging with tae & taetae i know they names sound weird but thats what i call them lol	0
i wanna go home	1
i wanna go home	4
understandable ,  but you could be making money with those!! #justsayin	0
but can we stop for a sec and talk bout these spicy chickpeas in this salad though #dcjazzfest	0
lmfao i tried figuring it out with no luck	0
i wish i was in town	1
senior pics in 2 days	1
h8 greys anatomy for making me cry sm	1
as pretty as you #ascheesyasmozzarella	0
take me with you!	0
really hate seeing my brothers like this	1
10 days	0
good excuse &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; &gt ; 	0
there are a lot of americans who dont know about america	1
definitely going to the watch party on sunday	0
thank you my love & yes for sure	0
typing dispensing labels with a typewriter #aptuk16	5
hes got some sense of humour	0
waiting for grezman to score the 3rd	0
ive been laying in bed for almost an hour without my phone and i cannot fall asleep help . 	1
i got ice cream and a projector come thru	0
does this happen a lot ?  is this the disadvantages of having a lot of followers ? 	0
does this happen a lot ?  is this the disadvantages of having a lot of followers ? 	0
awesome ,  thanks	0
nothing love you mommy	0
yall grown ass mfs b hating on kids tho	4
i want some crabs && shrimp	1
but today bpc showed me just when mourinho walked on stage to talk about fifa 17 they cut the power #respeck i missed the entire	0
im hipped	2
i didnt even say the word not wtf	0
i suppose that is true .  .  . on both	3
i suppose that is true .  .  . on both	5
im gonna give it a try because youre so right .  i cant believe the stuff our bodies intake	4
good . 	0
wait what how did you know that omg yes	0
the lyrics are so inspirational	0
i signed the petition to take kane off corners ,  whats going on	0
martin funny asf	0
you cant imagine how much i miss #facetimemenash check your dms i sent you my number!:peru:te amo	1
strawberry shake from in n out is a def need rn	1
hate sleeping alone	1
full body harry potter masterpiece! hell yeah i have ,  & knickers that say slytherin ,  which im sure they didnt think through	0
somebody call me so we can talk & gts	1
my read receipts are off right now cause no one is worthy of turning them on for	0
i knowww im tryna stop	1
james and michael at #sdcc for days of future past ,  2013! #fassbender #mcavoy #mcfassy src:firstfassbender htt…	0
#baldheadsbreaktheinternet loving my fellow short hair girls on this hashtag	0
being short stops u from doing a lot things in life	1
cool	0
omg stop	0
love ya too	0
youre about to make a new friend	2
honestly cant blame her for feeling threatened	0
watched the conjuring and now my cat is meowin at the walls . 	1
if i can bar during a rush while were short staffed ,  i can do anything	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x58 , 895	0
so unhappy	1
yeah fuck pushing any more cars have someone take you	0
cette version de bastille my god	0
about to be up all night washing my hair ,  blow drying & straightening it for my hair appt tomorrow!	1
"lupita im going crazy like you"	0
i finally put everything together sike	1
ms .  mary is seriously the best person anyone could ever meet a concorde	1
okay! ill check it out !!	0
day just went from to so fast	0
people get it together	1
i just cant take being given advice on the topic	0
watching signing time	2
watching signing time	5
im mad as hell i came to visit my parents and my mom has been on the phone the entire time and my dads been next door	2
im mad as hell i came to visit my parents and my mom has been on the phone the entire time and my dads been next door	4
i love messing with julio	0
but can he do it in the prem	0
i seen this shit  . 	0
hair all frizzy and shit	4
just found out that will be in brum for panto - very happy and now planning when to go	0
feel the light	3
feel the light	5
give me some birthday money	0
lol bathong ?  you seem dissapointed .  why ? 	0
lol bathong ?  you seem dissapointed .  why ? 	1
how very sweet! obviously loves his nanny xxxx	0
how very sweet! obviously loves his nanny xxxx	0
lmfao you smell like a bag full of angels and rainbows nigga & man yeah dat right love me	0
lmfao you smell like a bag full of angels and rainbows nigga & man yeah dat right love me	0
lmfao you smell like a bag full of angels and rainbows nigga & man yeah dat right love me	2
well .  .  lol that escalated quickly .  .  put my phone dwn for secs	1
i dont see how publishing those pictures is in public interest!! let reeva rest in peace!	1
i have to go to the station to do reports all day	1
ill never forget that day	1
all the links to happy bts day party i found had been deleted .  i cant find one which is still available to watch	1
why you gotta tag me like that bro	0
so i get a text from this girl and shes asking for my pictures am like *whoh right now this seriously what kinda hoe are you:fearful_face:*	3
so i get a text from this girl and shes asking for my pictures am like *whoh right now this seriously what kinda hoe are you:fearful_face:*	5
so i get a text from this girl and shes asking for my pictures am like *whoh right now this seriously what kinda hoe are you:fearful_face:*	3
so i get a text from this girl and shes asking for my pictures am like *whoh right now this seriously what kinda hoe are you:fearful_face:*	5
the day of the bet awards is the best day for twitter cant wait	0
lol the tax is real	0
hey how are you ?  can you follow me and  ?  i love you guys come to poland #roadtriptour x359	0
hey how are you ?  can you follow me and  ?  i love you guys come to poland #roadtriptour x359	0
goodmorning everyone	0
i feel you on that	1
but still that has nothing to do on why that became "popular"  , it was started because a broke nigga didnt have cable	0
lmao shes always moody	0
safe to say vodafone have been mugging me off the entire time ive been on this holiday	2
safe to say vodafone have been mugging me off the entire time ive been on this holiday	4
nah youre not the only ,  i dont watch it either! im scared that if i do ,  i will get addicted like everyone else does	2
nah youre not the only ,  i dont watch it either! im scared that if i do ,  i will get addicted like everyone else does	5
happy saturday- season 12 of greys is on netflix now	0
sofia the first	0
dont force or rush no relationships when the time comes youll know	0
soon surprise	2
my mood just changed quick as hell	2
my mood just changed quick as hell	4
its 2016 & we still cannot edit tweets	2
its 2016 & we still cannot edit tweets	4
i havent played love live in a year maybe its time to delete it	1
aww i feel so loved #stanfam	0
lol im broke tho	1
and they all think theyre groundbreaking	2
im super duper excited gonna be super cracked out over today	0
im super duper excited gonna be super cracked out over today	0
im gonna have to drink my way thru today after that	1
just got off work and im buying snacks for the young and the chapstickless .  my ass shouldnt be having no kind of food . 	3
just got off work and im buying snacks for the young and the chapstickless .  my ass shouldnt be having no kind of food . 	5
ha ha true .  they wont be shopping in aldi for a while thats for sure	0
i want wings	1
so glad you could make it ,  and so glad you got to meet them happy happy days	0
lol gotta catch up on some youtube than sleep	0
they are beyond creepy  ,  the one was cookie monster  ,  i was like you want a cookie and walked away	0
so so sad #prayforturkey	1
shit i aint worried about anyones sex life but my own minor setback but still going!!	0
following follow #krtpro	0
the body shop gave me an estimate and it wont be able to be done until the end of july	1
hach	0
bitch mad ?  tell that bitch to beat me up!	0
i want to see you	0
wtf is up with the video for famous	1
feel like im the only person still listening to views	0
only 5 more class times left for the summer .  i can do this . 	0
these bitches got me fucked up . 	0
argue ?  nah nah baby say dont worry about it	0
i really need a shoe connect	2
i really need a shoe connect	4
i was like "yeah ,  we do" pause	0
pity i doubt that she will ever become a top player with all her injury problems . 	2
pity i doubt that she will ever become a top player with all her injury problems . 	4
frfr swear you dying dont ever google your symptoms ,  its either cancer ,  a brain aneurysm or full blown aids	0
remember me and monay fell	0
ah yes it takes a certain level of intelligents to understand the deep messages in honeymoon	0
feels good swimming early in the morning	0
suarez didnt know he wasnt allowed to play lol	0
i hate throwing up fuck out of all the days why today ? 	4
but wait ,  memph called toya a "little girl" ,  knocked over some alcohol & said "now clean that shit up .  im gone" who the fuuuuuck	3
but wait ,  memph called toya a "little girl" ,  knocked over some alcohol & said "now clean that shit up .  im gone" who the fuuuuuck	5
nah im coo lol	2
nah im coo lol	5
everybody keep saying that	1
really wanting to see finding dory again	1
// youre wild ,  but you cool .  hmu	2
thats my baby	0
thank you everyone in cockford for giving me a free ticket on snapchat to the concert at osd last night	0
tips til erstatning til md face and body scrub ? 	0
yeei ,  thank you for thinking of me	0
im good wbu	0
you to	0
you to	1
unboxed a little present this morning in the form of more swag! ill show you guys when i get home from the gym!…	0
happy birthday lilo hope you enjoy it	2
"my last name is gomes" "like gomez ? " "no gomes like gnomes or homes" "ha! ok gomez #growingupwithmyname #imnothispanic	0
"my last name is gomes" "like gomez ? " "no gomes like gnomes or homes" "ha! ok gomez #growingupwithmyname #imnothispanic	0
you say you got that stanly loud let me smell it	4
we had been craving tacos all day ,  finally got some	0
hibachi is calling my name right now	0
i wanna hump my gf today	1
sibling auch	0
sibling auch	0
just saw it i feel so dumb	0
aww im gonna miss you too well see you doing your thangg on the court though	0
aww im gonna miss you too well see you doing your thangg on the court though	1
this would be the best day of our lives lss talaga ko  .  .  i super love the song super !! #themaineaudition	0
this would be the best day of our lives lss talaga ko  .  .  i super love the song super !! #themaineaudition	0
headass or is it you  ? 	0
survival!!!	0
bernice .  . not exactly dressed for waitressing .  . 	0
always here for you	0
i think something happened as well ,  while he has been away filming	5
my little sister is coming home	3
my little sister is coming home	5
absolutely lashing it down outside .  any chance the remainers could stop crying and end it	0
thank you ,  thats so sweet of you to say shes fast asleep behind me now ,  i think all that playing has tired her out xx	0
thank you ,  thats so sweet of you to say shes fast asleep behind me now ,  i think all that playing has tired her out xx	0
i prefer straight-talking ,  honest politics	0
olumide youre actually something else thank you	0
always cerebrito	0
stalking my girl crush	0
subway	0
theres just something about it	0
sorry	0
god forgive me i was raised on some hood shit so i cant sugar coat witcha not a lil bit	0
my phone says the heat index is 120 . 	0
hi wishing you a fulfilling week .  smile ,  laugh and share what is uniquely yours with others -jack	0
done	0
duh cause you aint shit	0
i just want the stores to be open right now	1
-ate a -snapchat -servicemate labyu ate	0
seriously so naturally pretty but you & ya boy are so cute & ive seen you around but never talked!!! that should change	1
thats my favorite player	0
thank you mr .  chuck norris!	0
2nd night of england fans causing trouble in france .  .  .  and people in this country want to leave european union ?  ok then	2
2nd night of england fans causing trouble in france .  .  .  and people in this country want to leave european union ?  ok then	4
have an amazing time hun wish could be there xx	0
i have no choice but to rock with my son fab	0
sorry i cant get to tonight for #meridianleaders get together i have fun all & hope to see you all soon	0
brass in pocket is my new jam .  .  . 	0
i love you both .  stop . 	0
love this picture have a fabulous day!! xx	0
lil snupe ,  lil phat ,  doe b ,  speaker knockerz & bankroll fresh were all real niggas and they took my niggas rip	1
ellen degeneres is so cute	0
meow meowww	0
lol yeah ,  sumn slight	0
please follow me before my birthday which is in 20 days!! love you sm x581	0
#growingupwithmyname nobody could pronounce my name ,  once my doctor said ariel instead of ariyah ,  like tf	0
oh dear meg! thats not good	5
so jealous of morganne rn	1
im proud of myself too	0
such summery colours!	0
tbh - your really pretty and you look like a sweet girl and good athlete	0
let ya boy get a follow back	1
plug in baby ,  as expected ,  going off	0
that man is hilarious bro	0
i remember coming out of the bathroom to find you laying on the floor in shock . 	0
i dont know about my novela tbh ,  idc	1
radioheatwaves tweet	0
thank you pretty girl	0
i dont know how im suppose to do this without crying .  its one of the hardest thing ive ever done	1
i will make sure that will not happen	0
man i miss track	1
dont mention me if you a cavs fan until after the game	0
i cant do snapchat because the filters are incredibly creepy to me .  like some of them make my skin crawl . 	4
you got me tho	0
welp .  .  .  there went that .  .  . 	2
if i get this job ,  ima do my hair .  if not ,  fuck this shit	0
thank you	0
glad youve had a lovely time! 21 now! where did the time go ? 	0
real shit nobody wanna see you poppin	1
hahaha oh my gosh what picture ?  and awww i miss it too! ill be back soon though #myhomeawayfromhome	0
good luck replacing that people that would do anything for you	0
no ,  i really did!! which means i can stay here and pretty much get paid just to fangirl over	0
curry has 3 fouls  ,  kyrie better go at him	4
when you havent been on twitter in forever	4
youre so welcome	0
so ,  yeah .  maybe lots of ppl should be grateful i dont bust mo asses like i used to . 	0
hes so cute	0
i have a whole other life outside of school  .  . 	1
alright w . e you say	0
alyssa valdez i love you #avat23	0
fellow normal zimbabweans do not be fooled .  do not host! unoswera waitwa party by the same people vari kukusimbisa kuti it doesnt matter	0
i just seen a dog get hit by a car	5
but i love you . 	1
when you accidentally open someones snap your avoiding &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; 	1
last year on my birthday i was in edinburgh	1
why my ac go out tonight typa shit	1
im at the dr and my blood pressure is high .  i told her just mark *nbafinals by it  .  they will understand  . 	2
im at the dr and my blood pressure is high .  i told her just mark *nbafinals by it  .  they will understand  . 	5
my thoughts go out to the guys running the twitter account tonight all the best . 	1
a know mate	0
youve been up for awhile .  have plans for the day ?  how did you like the pic with the wolf ? 	0
cannot believe how much ive lost my fitness that boot camp was nearly the end of me	5
cannot believe how much ive lost my fitness that boot camp was nearly the end of me	4
you bipolar	1
my step dad is terrible he called his brothers wife a monkey	1
summer needs to tap on the brakes ,  freakin june is almost over	3
summer needs to tap on the brakes ,  freakin june is almost over	5
that’s never the point with you ,  though	4
lowkey regret quitting my job	1
- you coo dab i seen some shit  ,  but i fwy	0
- you coo dab i seen some shit  ,  but i fwy	0
- you coo dab i seen some shit  ,  but i fwy	1
hahahaha thats true	0
within ten minutes of dakota telling me were picking out his pup on monday i made a list of my top seven on the shelter website . 	0
thank you baby	0
hi and could you please -@larryvoxzayn -@zxynxmxlik_ilyc we love fg	0
usa is confused! hilly is not salvation of nation ?  crazy groper joe is savior ?  will ryan approve ? 	0
im talking bout my call of duty in that last tweet	0
ava#c steve@who .   ?  bucky who  ?  hello natasha	0
do you have a drinking problem ? 	0
i miss yall too and it wasnt my fault .  being here makes me miss home i wasnt having these problems before	0
i promise you kevins favorite word is why	2
i promise you kevins favorite word is why	4
just give it a chance	0
where you got that ticket ? 	1
why this dumbass coach playing the bench ,  we need 1st place	4
oh my goodness thank you ev  . 	0
yeah hot .  so you can go to hell now	2
yeah hot .  so you can go to hell now	4
ive got a hankering for some chocolate .  might grab some at half time . 	0
you right	0
youre a cutie night henry	0
i am so lit rn i cant even take it	0
happy birthday ily!	0
and once again a hoe took a loyal girls place	2
and once again a hoe took a loyal girls place	4
fav if hangout w me and	0
haha well hey hannah	0
the #lbgtq community has been nothing but loving to me & took me under their wing when i felt lost .  hearts of gold dont deserve this . 	1
beshie check fb chat!	0
shouldnt off taken #rooney off  .  what you doing roy	5
his interview with them before this one he does the same thing hes the man tho	0
in other news i caught the aqua 8s in the nike outlet .  i knew i couldnt walk pass i got mad when i saw em	1
in other news i caught the aqua 8s in the nike outlet .  i knew i couldnt walk pass i got mad when i saw em	1
thank you so very much	0
good morning	2
hahaha need real guts to tweet such #unfollowingfollows	0
hahaha need real guts to tweet such #unfollowingfollows	0
th fact its draymond	2
th fact its draymond	4
i had the full length poster when i was sixteen hanging over my bed . 	0
like say if you dont text back i just assume you sucking	0
half of me is terrified of forgetting something in my luggage but the other half of me is super stoked to be on a plane tomorrow	2
half of me is terrified of forgetting something in my luggage but the other half of me is super stoked to be on a plane tomorrow	5
imagine her fans that witnessed this happening right in front of their eyes .  holy cow	1
alright	0
tempo like drizzy	0
i rather get on something else	0
dammmmnnn it why you gotta remind me	1
okay sorry .  ill stop being annoying now	0
babeeeeeee .  .  wake up	1
shut up big head	0
who trynna come with me to get they nails done ? 	1
i have plenty of books	0
should have nicknamed you "shooter" .  happy birthday man!	0
my head hurts	1
week after i turned 18 i been smoking everyday several times a day i can quit tho	0
week after i turned 18 i been smoking everyday several times a day i can quit tho	1
keep the intensity up	2
love at second day daw anang andrianna	0
thought it was fact hehe maybe bluff lang all diz time	0
people treat finding dory like the return of christ like chill	0
you know they didnt grow up in cali when they tell "youre not mexican ,  youre just a chick with a tan . " #blesstheirheart	0
its a lot of people who lost their money tonight over them warriors	1
there is only one person i wanna talk to about everything thats going on in my life ,  but ya know ,  we arent on good terms	0
girls be willing when they find out they living in a nice spot .  smh wrkn 2days out the week	0
ivan would approve	0
tasia said she was gonna give me a dance #viewsfromthem	2
 . @beefytshields swims 100m (a little bit longer than a football field) faster than most of us can put on a swim cap .  #getsmestarted . 	3
my boyfriend is my only friend  ,  yes indeed	0
she gorgeous	0
cant wait to see it	0
lmfao frfr talking about "you cant have friends ? " "you need a side nigga ? " whaaatttt	0
glad i could help! thanks for the name	0
glad i could help! thanks for the name	0
sleepy now  . 	1
i miss my boo yo like damn 6 weeks	1
adam is so so boring and a bit creepy .  he just sits bolt upright and stares at everyone #loveisland	1
so happy to hear someone setting the facts straight for trump surrogates .  you go girl . 	0
" interesting "  ?  come on what am i supposed to do with that  ?  give me something bro	0
i love being called baby girl	0
t-minus 12 hours till im catching a plane to go across country ,  pa az	0
i very excite yass! thanks penz	0
if it had gone in the post it would have been a goal michael owen kills me	0
ill contemplate the mirror later	0
go to mental hospital than rustom trailer on zeenetwork	0
i wanna go to the zoo	1
fix ya face	0
 shoppn was great we lw sleepy doe but did ah la shoppn for me my boy & my qveen more shoppn too come saturday	0
 shoppn was great we lw sleepy doe but did ah la shoppn for me my boy & my qveen more shoppn too come saturday	0
 shoppn was great we lw sleepy doe but did ah la shoppn for me my boy & my qveen more shoppn too come saturday	0
 shoppn was great we lw sleepy doe but did ah la shoppn for me my boy & my qveen more shoppn too come saturday	0
 shoppn was great we lw sleepy doe but did ah la shoppn for me my boy & my qveen more shoppn too come saturday	0
 shoppn was great we lw sleepy doe but did ah la shoppn for me my boy & my qveen more shoppn too come saturday	1
im not in the mood to hear all this cavs talk today	1
thanks bella ,  we really have known eachother since forever	0
got her a body on her	3
got her a body on her	5
corn swoop me	1
i dont know .  . 	0
twitter is totally the bid right now	1
"your father knows what you need . "	0
my belly is not happy	4
its okay noob ill take you under my wing	0
physically and emotionally kena is always getting hurt	0
damn we went hard today now to wake up tomorrow sore asf	1
kamerons little brother is so bad	1
oh you	0
listening to honeymoon avenue and remember her	0
shes so cute	0
cant say i never tried	2
the amount of people that crept on my snapchat is un countable	0
aha ,  yeah thanks .  . just some annoying person being a dick x	0
when you vent and you get mad all over again	2
i wanna go swimming	1
shut up nalang ? 	0
~ weve been mutuals for ages ,  u seem really sweet n i adored ur mft80s videos for the chris we should talk more ,  u seem awesome!	0
lmfaoooooooooooo who my kids gone play with ?  yall kids gone be in highschool	0
awwal marra asma3 bee 3an esh howa  ? 	2
awwal marra asma3 bee 3an esh howa  ? 	5
orange juice and pancakes and	0
orange juice and pancakes and	0
can some1 pls translate wth jungkook captioned on his photo ?  for the sake of armys like me hahahahha	1
good morning kinksters love#liein days .  .  . relaxing with a coffee and thinking #naughty thoughts wanna join me ?  ht…	2
good morning kinksters love#liein days .  .  . relaxing with a coffee and thinking #naughty thoughts wanna join me ?  ht…	0
do share	3
do share	5
just b at da	0
oh my god	3
followed you since you were ahoynat so its been for 4 years or something lmao thanks for advice and hope you…	0
depending on my position ill be making 17$ an hour which is great to get me through college .  and what not (i will be majoring in medical)	0
well see .  all i will say that even something as small as lets say a little finger could ruin your plans	0
you a force  ,  but ya weak ass aint wanna fight me bc you know you was gone be bloody bitch i will down you	0
you a force  ,  but ya weak ass aint wanna fight me bc you know you was gone be bloody bitch i will down you	0
i thought this vacation was going to be more eventful and fun . 	1
i love this fandom so much! we are so united ,  ily all and im so proud to be a part of this #1dwearestillhere	0
nah but fr idk what car i want	1
pistol on my hip ,  thats my new baby this money in my pocket ,  thats my boo baby	0
naah but imma be up there ,  my assistant manager gone be there ,  but she dont care as long as yall dont bother her	0
why am i only now following you on twitter #n00b hey becky	3
why am i only now following you on twitter #n00b hey becky	5
i hate waiting at apple	1
hi ,  miss you	0
baaaack #مايده_الترنداويه_للفلورز	0
i want jerk chicken & callaloo again	1
one of my tweets has gone viral in pr twitter	0
i could go to the hospital right now	2
thats out .  .  ion suck on toes	0
im no expert lindy but i wouldnt buy a tandem just yet!	1
im legit the last row	0
i hope she hit her toe on the edge of the bed	1
youre gonna be a security guard at the mall with a lisp that all the lil kids make fun of gonna grow to be 56	0
great effort ,  av assistant was certainly the highlight #wshftambassador	0
"if she dont suck it she boring"	0
god is so good . 	0
they built a cookie factory next to my dads work and now he smells when he comes home & mom hates sweets & wants to leave	5
im bout to hurt myself eating these chips	0
not doing exercise is really what feels best for my body tbh	1
i miss gmu already	0
i already cant wait to go to sleep tonight	1
all this money i bet on bron  .  .  .  smfh	4
you always been cute ,  best luck to you at famu	0
dakine cannot be there tho	0
when i get my hair cut imma get my ears pierced	0
someone go see finding dory with me!	0
my mom learned how to use emojis and now she wont stop sending them to me . 	1
hell yes	0
satisfied with the way lifes going right now . 	0
omg hi thank you! lol but its his words not mine	0
thank you!	0
good morning julie	0
oh yeah! it sure was them alright!	0
oh yeah! it sure was them alright!	3
muacks	0
a party hat of club penguin ? 	0
hi sheckler	0
only 5 more hours to go	1
 .  draws the fourth walk of the inning .  bases were loaded so another run comes home! only one out with the bases…	3
 .  draws the fourth walk of the inning .  bases were loaded so another run comes home! only one out with the bases…	5
i love 4 ,  5 and 6	0
game today depand with last day more real izit .  .  country game should like this .  .  not like league full of drama #euro2016	0
game today depand with last day more real izit .  .  country game should like this .  .  not like league full of drama #euro2016	0
easy ?  torture sa brain cells beh eh	4
oh dear .  this tweet wasnt well thought through and/or constructed .  #haveanothergobuddy	2
oh dear .  this tweet wasnt well thought through and/or constructed .  #haveanothergobuddy	5
bought candy from today & it tasted off .  .  it turns out it expired in february .  ok cool	2
bought candy from today & it tasted off .  .  it turns out it expired in february .  ok cool	4
i kept showing arri pictures of lay hair like this what i want i need this	0
you know whats better then boys .  .  .  . being pantless in the comfort of your own home	0
remember when everyone wanted us to sign immobile ? 	0
yes i cant find it anywhere tune is insane	1
i thought bare people suddenly had braces but then i realised it was just apart of the filter	0
do i miss mmmh maybe someone but not the city	0
do i miss mmmh maybe someone but not the city	2
do i miss mmmh maybe someone but not the city	4
guess my page gettin twatched	1
black beauty #moorempowerment	0
my nigga so strong he pull threw anything solid foundation	0
im being so lazy i need to get up	1
also ,  ill be at next weekend ,  will i be seeing your beautiful face ?  ?  ? 	0
girl same	0
that was such a pun	0
been to the gym and now got some banana bread in the oven .  .  .  loving life! love weekends #whatweekendsarefor #exercise #baking	0
been to the gym and now got some banana bread in the oven .  .  .  loving life! love weekends #whatweekendsarefor #exercise #baking	0
but its whatever	0
on twitter wht do u love d most rts break	0
on twitter wht do u love d most rts break	0
on twitter wht do u love d most rts break	0
on twitter wht do u love d most rts break	0
on twitter wht do u love d most rts break	0
on twitter wht do u love d most rts break	3
on twitter wht do u love d most rts break	5
must be fate #festiebesties #edc20 #7x7up	0
thank you	0
i love waking him up for sehri .  and when he says "abhi tou soya tha"	0
mean words kill ,  man .  starving without those cakes ,  too . 	0
oo carl	0
indeed - hopefully things will be a bit calmer by then	1
indeed - hopefully things will be a bit calmer by then	5
my legs hurt so bad ,  and i have no idea how i got all these bruises .  a spirit mustve possessed me during the night or something idk	1
im down to go to electric forest next year but why does it have to be so close to edc #ytho	1
nah! i never once let myself enter a haunted house because i hate dark places . 	5
enter me in #jendiygiveaway hope i win this can check my first post here to prove that my post is all about this giveaway 1 , 539	1
lil nigga playin wit his life he gone lose it	0
it sound good dont it  ?  you want a good woman	0
haha how did that work out for us in the end ?  but in all seriousness - we havent got an awful second round tie so itll be fine!	0
follow me bae ,  is very important for me man , i love you the best of world and you make me happy x50	0
milk chocolate ass	0
milk chocolate ass	0
milk chocolate ass	0
im crying at snapchat with jake	1
 ; handle yo business then . 	0
you do dirt you get dirt so i smile inda mud	2
need to find links for the shot	0
you didnt ask me that for no reason	0
i got so much on my plate	1
hungry af but i know im gonna throw up .  ill just starve	1
why you wasnt there when shit popped off with him tho ?  if you there 24/7  ?  lol .  its cool i helped him girl	0
good start to the half #cavsnation	2
i hit the blade dance for my people detroit that i miss	0
getting money so its hard to care	0
chanizzle go to sleep	0
happy to read you again .  .  . 	0
haha the referee! hes pissed #copaamerica	2
desiigner snapping like lil bibby on that make it out	3
desiigner snapping like lil bibby on that make it out	5
messi  .  .  .  threw the goalies legs	0
eat the like you hungry&gt ; 	0
why was i like think that too + = ew	0
why was i like think that too + = ew	4
today has thankfully turned out to be such a lovely day	0
went from jammin tory lanez to kodak black to zayn to one direction to keyshia cole now to throw backs	0
steez day gettin closer n closer	0
hes like any other businessman .  .  . to make himself rich with cheap labor .  hes the biggest hypocrite	0
just upset them early and meet us you ball bag	0
after watching jab tak hai jaan ! i toh fell in love its so beautiful ! take me there with you	0
after watching jab tak hai jaan ! i toh fell in love its so beautiful ! take me there with you	0
im sure it was just the tattoos	0
tonight was scary but fun	0
ive been shopping online	2
ive been shopping online	4
i prefer most things to not be fermented .  and ill try just about anything once . 	0
why do lipsticks excite me this much	1
thanks!	0
i dont feel good	1
 . @mad9scientist whoa .  .  .  i hope how big this is doesnt escape anyone .  this is huge .  im so excited to poke at it	0
we just have good taste	0
• gotta be to work at 8  ,  why am i up	1
is always drinkin my alcohol	0
so ready to go home already	1
so its national breastfeeding week and today i was basically asked not to breastfeed my baby in one of your stores!	2
sometimes when im feeling happy my brain trolls me by remembering the angus and julia stone cover of tubthumping	1
sometimes when im feeling happy my brain trolls me by remembering the angus and julia stone cover of tubthumping	4
its your body we could go hard if you want to	0
my pleasure! happy #summersolstice to you!	0
your horny lets do it ride it my	0
your horny lets do it ride it my	0
your horny lets do it ride it my	0
your horny lets do it ride it my	0
no we dont leave europe! weve left the eu jade! the eu is 27 countries now that work together economically!	0
theirs still time to change that boo	0
lol thats facts cause your hair getting long kyimon	1
i love musiq soulchild	0
i didnt know you watched scary movies	1
i havent been me lately .  my mind is somewhere else . 	0
he know i really wouldnt	0
i planned on wearing a dress the day i meet connor	1
dirty	0
my mom thinks my friends influence me to do bad stuff when in reality im usually the mastermind behind it all	0
naks .  humble naman this guy	0
awesome! thanks for that ,  we really appreciate it . 	0
morgan and tay are hot	0
tryna email butta off my jpay	1
beyoncé and jayz!!	0
man im so happy  .  i be chilling way too hard	0
yeah .  i know .  his skin probably just gave up cuz it was so burnt	0
thank you	1
work at 5 am	0
i was honestly sad that you didnt say happy birthday but you surprised me thank you brandon! love you	1
made friends with a homeless person because i was nice enough to give him money .  then got stuck in awkward conversation with him . 	1
made friends with a homeless person because i was nice enough to give him money .  then got stuck in awkward conversation with him . 	4
probably the worst #eng performance i have witnessed in my life .  #euro2016	1
i just watched a season of game of thrones today	0
messi with a beard	0
thats me all the time	0
like fo reallllllll	0
i can zoom in/out in interface builder #xcode8 #wwdc16	0
outstanding	0
right i cant get enough of it	0
im just tweeting though  .  .  .  . 	0
just me myself & i solo ride until i die cuz i got me for life	0
i mean ,  who has that much free time on their hands ?  i want whatever job they have	0
ohhhh my	0
u you u you u you u you u youuuu u	0
this time proves m lucky or mr . unlucky waiting fr u di wr r u #shreyaghoshalday	1
night miss kayla .  .  . 	0
just realized i havent eaten anything today	1
#misskonayung days na pero outing lang tayo .  out of the town dito ,  out of the town doon	1
people be so miserable & i mean that in the best way possible	1
hey ,  glad we share this day together!! happy birthday babe! hope its amazing	0
the mfn truth	1
just unfollowed 300 people	0
nope	1
lol i said that in bird voice from soul food	0
we use to be so close but im always here for you and youre so pretty	0
marseille would wanna close shop for the night	5
if lebron gave up a 3-1 lead with the greatest regular season ever hed get crucified	3
if lebron gave up a 3-1 lead with the greatest regular season ever hed get crucified	5
i was up till 4 and im already awake and cant go back to sleep . 	1
are you getting one thing  ?  ? 	0
hope u got him a present	0
lmaoo slick .  .  i fw bruh music tho	0
kavita just said i looked like the gerber baby	1
have anyone set the shower at a certain temperature hoped in & it was extremely hot that was just me almost burned my lil toes off	2
have anyone set the shower at a certain temperature hoped in & it was extremely hot that was just me almost burned my lil toes off	4
im bouta go hoop off george webbs n the grace of god  .  .  prolly shouldnt even be driving	1
the sound of his truck pulling up	0
yea know that was a dream	0
i love your new profile pictures	0
yes ,  thats why ive been hearing	1
omfg  ,  i stg i didnt change it to that  .  im being hacked  ,  someone knows my password	0
cant wait for carl cox in space on tuesday tho	0
who from the rushers is going to vote ?  truly hope you make the right decision they both suck . 	0
lmao my neighbors are gonna think im on drugs	1
im waiting to see how it plays out tbf i think they look nice together & nobody knows what really happened give them a chance	0
im waiting to see how it plays out tbf i think they look nice together & nobody knows what really happened give them a chance	0
im waiting to see how it plays out tbf i think they look nice together & nobody knows what really happened give them a chance	3
im waiting to see how it plays out tbf i think they look nice together & nobody knows what really happened give them a chance	5
youll miss me	0
i am extremely disappointed in the for not drafting	1
great hulk impression ,  youve got the same 22 inch pythons	0
ziont is so nice	1
can already tell im getting sick af but i cant dub work tomorrow	1
bree &lt ; 	0
a man with a fresh cut is a sexy thang	0
let me buy you ice cream and make you feel better	0
musica	0
true!	1
yeah he sang it at the concert	0
feel too poorly to even go to the gym	1
i dont wanna leave miami	1
not sleepy yet ? 	0
congrats to on an awesome career ,  will be weird not seeing you on court .  thanks for the memories .  enjoy the next chapter xx	0
only three hours left .  thats two sherlocks .  we can do this #setlock	0
i burned my neck with the flat iron and it looks like a big ass hickey	2
i burned my neck with the flat iron and it looks like a big ass hickey	4
thanks boo	0
#conjuring2 fuck that shit	4
ha ha i think tracey took a few	0
damn ok .  perhaps we could arrange something! lmk!	0
actually imagine meeting up in a car park to take photos of ya car	1
appreciate it	1
#oitnb why you do this to me ? ! now i gotta wait another year	1
lets go	0
my makeup is poppin today	0
yeah cuz my beard wasnt way better than your bitch azz one!	0
yeah cuz my beard wasnt way better than your bitch azz one!	0
you too!! maybe i should get off twitter and study	0
was sitted in the salon ,  between 2 extremely attractive ladies ,  but i had beans for lunch the horror of trying to keep my stomach calm	1
okay so no more chocolate before bed	3
okay so no more chocolate before bed	5
i really want another tattoo	1
he certainly was!	0
yesss! i barely read lol and that book kept me so interested its so good youre gonna love it	0
youre not bothering me	0
i just love when people ruin my day	0
yup i believe im 11	1
keep your opinion to yourself ,  thanks	0
im lit asf afternoon church service me	4
when paterson is the 3rd worst city in the u . s to live in	0
when paterson is the 3rd worst city in the u . s to live in	0
thank you	0
waiting for trailer #dangal	0
omg that was my true intention	0
lebron kyrie curry and klay combined for 144 out of the 209 points	3
lebron kyrie curry and klay combined for 144 out of the 209 points	5
love the shorter hair	0
i havent played my xbox in so long im probably trash at every game now	1
online shopping will be the death of me	1
thank you	0
he already knows . 	0
im guessing same as im still doing ?  torturing yourself ? 	1
im close to 12 , 5k fave harry solo ?  (mm) #kcamexico #onedirection	0
working on my day off	2
working on my day off	4
how is it only half way to pay day already ran out of money and still have a birthday to celebrate	1
how is it only half way to pay day already ran out of money and still have a birthday to celebrate	1
i have tickets from prime sport but they didnt give specific directions	1
what did i do	1
okay  .   .  and are you home yet  ? 	0
when my dad favors my sister	0
if im walking w a friend and she trip and fall .  ima fake trip and fall too .  we both getting laughed at bc you my bitch	0
they going smack at curry in the press conferences	1
and now im late cause ive been in traffic for 10 mins  .  .  thanks	2
and now im late cause ive been in traffic for 10 mins  .  .  thanks	4
ahaha nah im usually abusive to them anyways ,  but dam ,  hr report rip me	0
i have a fire pit u moron	0
i have to be up for 6 am	1
so gutted i didnt go parklife	2
so gutted i didnt go parklife	4
lmfao when i get mad the first word that come out is bitch	0
/nods/	1
listening to too many sad love songs lately .  .  . 	1
awww .  i wish margaery didnt die .  tommen is okay to die though .  haha! but i didnt like how he did it . 	1
when people say "you aint down"  ,  thats how things happen  . 	0
look how she left ya i bet she told u she a never leave ya	4
im forever good  ,  & thats facts	0
hes so cute i love him	1
member you got in the car with us on east west connector	1
everything is okay just need prayers please	0
when you need to fart but youre crush is in front of you ,  so you gotta hold it in and smile threw the pain . 	0
hahahahahahah well i saved it as lauren s and i kept getting excited so i had to change it to get excited it was you	0
she got butthurt . 	0
i totally changed the subject there	0
i hope youre doing okay .  i miss you	0
all my babies are gona know the greatest disney movies	0
thank you mm love you too	0
choose me  ,  i want to connect with your soul	0
i feel like id make you so happy .  why didnt u propose to me	1
damn ,  and i thought was an asshole to before i read this book hes so damn cruel .  im crying .  #page96 #barebones	1
no he doesnt his voice just different lol	0
thatd be epic	0
my "omg a weed dispensary	0
my "omg a weed dispensary	5
i have such a weird love for nice teeth and dannys take the #1 prize	0
oh no! this might be the last commercial! noo! i dont want it to end yet!! #dolceamorewinbackthelove	1
oh no! this might be the last commercial! noo! i dont want it to end yet!! #dolceamorewinbackthelove	1
oh no! this might be the last commercial! noo! i dont want it to end yet!! #dolceamorewinbackthelove	1
you got erica ft me	0
i get very attached to players on the blackhawks ,  so this is a very hard time of year for me when they start trading them	1
hahahaha goodluck i gt 2 papers tmr	0
your poor arteries .  i can hear them clogging from here . 	4
thinking of ideas for a sleeve is so difficult	0
lmfaoo you so tough ,  you and your nappy ass ponytail arent you jailbate	0
arre ,  its absolutely okkyy .  . 	0
arre ,  its absolutely okkyy .  . 	0
haha well thanks for being a loyal follower girl	0
hope you (@aaron_britton_) & josh enjoy today .  #iow	0
well ,  dont sweat those feelings .  theyll fade .  be happy	0
had to leave that nigga alone to get my mind right	0
its great that i can be a subban fan and not feel bad that he plays for montreal . 	0
happy fathers day to all the amazing fathers in this world! we need more men like you	0
i missed it	1
on the list!!	0
my hair smells so good	0
actually love she is so funny on just like she was on go teysh!	0
my dream last night	3
my dream last night	5
damnnn you bold no way you dont like none of them .  . 	0
im always so cold when i sleep alone	1
- hope the plonker who actually rescued him is feeling a bit guilty now .  . 	0
bale really did look like a baby monkey	0
ganda ni joyce pring sheeettt joyce to the world	0
good gonna taste so much better after	0
i went to sleep at 4:30 and woke up at 6:30 somethings wrong with that picture	0
this is the longest car ride i have ever been on	1
awesome pic dear	0
same ,  i really thought that was just me	0
theyre gonna be at sun city	0
wassup fave	2
wassup fave	5
girl i hit a u-turn on two tires i was outa there i cant go to jail hell nawl	0
lost my glasses last night	0
i really wish she smiled more often in pics she looks good when shes serving face ,  but i love it even more when she…	1
actual wish lesley was here so badly	1
happy birthday tonkyy mwa	0
my feet are throbbing but hey at least i will have a nice paycheck i guess	0
well hey thats answers my question!!!! thanks lex love ya long time	0
darpok	0
looks like a great day! nice pic hagd	0
i was loving his moves!!	0
and dis my girl	0
the sunglasses have arrived in anderson only a few more hours till they are on my head	0
the sunglasses have arrived in anderson only a few more hours till they are on my head	0
ah ffs like	0
happy sabbath saints	0
did my wilshere tweet butthurt you a bit ? 	0
trust me i will	1
cant wait to eat california pizza kitchen again they alfredo is sensational	1
bitches always wanna be petty ho im violent whats up	3
bitches always wanna be petty ho im violent whats up	5
i need to go get my hair ,  nails ,  eyebrows ,  and lashes done . 	1
any local face painters available for our big lunch on saturday 12-4pm ?  weve been let down please	1
dill & i r going to register for the baby shower tomorrow so geeeeked . 	2
dill & i r going to register for the baby shower tomorrow so geeeeked . 	5
i really hope i dont regret this	1
you know kidsu has started when all of lombardi echoes with the sound of children	3
you know kidsu has started when all of lombardi echoes with the sound of children	5
you are consistently on point .  pleasure to see your tweets .  unlike many i have the chore of scrolling past	0
im watching their stats	0
yeah ,  thats actually hugely unfair . 	1
im kinda scared to know who its going to be in france i want to know	5
what a perfect combination ? ! i wish i could be normal like everyone else	1
people say to me james thats not camping you might as well be at home	0
why some people only tweet to complain about shit	0
you coo you the homie hmu	0
alr following you back!	0
i wish baby was up right now	1
lmfao i already see people rushing to themselves	0
dont trust nobody	4
mofo its called a job lol	0
thankss pooh	0
thankss pooh	0
warriors lost warriors lost	2
hard summer is gonnna be lit wit my bros its on	4
i need a baecation	1
thank you	0
yeah with that response it got they couldnt would be interesting to see more of hydra cap	0
hes not bothered ,  hes getting paid and playing football regardless	0
literally just found mine last week and you still have like a month left so keep looking	0
last ep of the season	1
i want them!!!	0
"im gonna start working out in august"  .  .  .  mom thats a month away	0
i talk about my gf all day everyday .  im obsessed	1
she misses u	0
ha ,  you can describe it like that i guess	0
i wish it was christmas time .  all the lights and love everywhere .  its my favorite time of year .  .  .  *sigh*	1
just sharing my love to the fandom	0
just sharing my love to the fandom	0
i miss my bf	1
my charger has been in car for 2 weeks	0
i cant watch that i laugh too much	0
i cant watch that i laugh too much	1
in a sick way i dont want matthews drafted 1st overall just to see his reaction	0
and .  .  .  . i cant wait to see kam	0
what decisions have i been making this past month . 	1
miss you too babes! see you soon!	0
i love u so much .  do u love can u follow me tweet me babe and dm me #nashmerch #facetimemenash ♡1 , 199	1
so pleased with that chem exam	0
my eyebrows on fleek thanks too my gf	0
thats probably the worst stomach pain i ever been in a while	1
im really cool as shit 9x outta 10 everybody that dont like me dont have a reason or its something petty not like igaf	0
im really cool as shit 9x outta 10 everybody that dont like me dont have a reason or its something petty not like igaf	0
im really cool as shit 9x outta 10 everybody that dont like me dont have a reason or its something petty not like igaf	0
i want the blue one	2
i want the blue one	5
i need more money asap	1
wtf man	0
rip hick	0
jcole will forever be my baby	0
not happy with this comment	1
ok! ill make it the next time you come home	0
love yourself	0
thanks love	0
another year for game of thrones ? 	1
i love janez in daddy mode #mancavesa	0
oo girl you best believe i am	0
lol oh oh i was about to say	0
internet down again in brixton! absolut joke!!!!!!! only been up and running for 2 days now down again with no warning	2
gotta return them asap tho	0
of all things // g-eazy	0
how fabulous looks divine	0
why am i never around when shit pops off	2
why am i never around when shit pops off	4
its crazy how someone can sit there and lie to you	2
its crazy how someone can sit there and lie to you	4
damn	2
damn	5
not a good day #ronaldo	0
javelin and discus!	0
dukes aint raise no fool	0
bertos layin on the floor and i come from behind him n sit on his face & his hoeass just lets me i was just fuckin around mf it aint sweet	0
sore throat .  . 	1
kind of jealous .  .  .  but happy for his success always love u .  .  .  .  more to come darshuu	0
kind of jealous .  .  .  but happy for his success always love u .  .  .  .  more to come darshuu	0
kind of jealous .  .  .  but happy for his success always love u .  .  .  .  more to come darshuu	0
kind of jealous .  .  .  but happy for his success always love u .  .  .  .  more to come darshuu	0
when u miss someone but u cannot meet him only u can do	1
annoying lightning and thunder . 	1
had to pull out my dashiki again	0
honey i love you so much mexico loves you i support you forever .  you can follow me please baby ?  x 61	0
whys my head hurt	1
and the fact that i thought the first 5 mins of the short at the beginning was part of the movie	0
i cant ever sleep later than 6:30am anymore ,  no matter how late i fall asleep .  i want my fucking lie ins	2
find someone you can do late night jam sessions with	0
tell me about it final show in glasgow on december 12 if you fancy it . 	1
listas!!! love you	0
goodbye richie from the himalayas	0
central intelligence comes out friday	0
i hate when people say money cant buy happiness .  well bih im a broke college student so yes tf it will	0
i know katie	1
but that bio	0
well thats two things we got in common then	0
#np on #godjradio the #quietstorm #listennow!! #slowjamz all night	0
hmm  ?  how u know that  ? 	3
i dunno if barry set off flashpoint or corrected the timeline in which harrison wells still lives to create the particle accelerator	3
"i like that" sounds like a summer style song .  .  . 	3
"i like that" sounds like a summer style song .  .  . 	5
whole attitude right now	4
its past your bedtime mija	0
happy birthday!	0
since youve been gone ,  ive learned to move on .  how to be myself . 	0
big sunday roast time #mint	0
news cnfrm h kya ye	1
pizzas con dary	0
i remember when you tried to get me	0
is it 9 yet	2
is it 9 yet	4
its a shame as hes been in the industry for so long & has a great rep in europe	2
assholes spilled beer on my blanket	2
assholes spilled beer on my blanket	4
ima get on it	0
i was in you last night	0
they dont eat melons ? 	0
#growingupwithmyname no one else has it	0
dear #heart .  .  .  . !! why her ?  ? 	1
only cause my front camera cracked	2
only cause my front camera cracked	4
you dont even know what i looked like back dat ass up	0
better days	0
actually the whole album	0
dropped her phone in the toilet cuz shes smooth like that	0
still disappointed stoneface & terminal wont be at edclv	2
still disappointed stoneface & terminal wont be at edclv	4
good talk	0
the hot police is back	0
i have some	0
no sleep gang	1
warriors just dont want this shit bad ass cleveland	1
great cameo on you were born for that role	0
anniversary ko #aldubksreunion	0
good evening po ate ka . 	0
amen!	0
thank you inahhh	0
nah my biggest fear is losing the people i love .  just gotta pray and cherish the time we have	1
way to go deelishis you look like a man	0
my hayu app is working but the quality is awful	1
haha brilliant job! *gives virtual high-five you tell him/them girl!!!	0
haha brilliant job! *gives virtual high-five you tell him/them girl!!!	0
haha brilliant job! *gives virtual high-five you tell him/them girl!!!	0
bc i suck at being a friend! and work	2
bc i suck at being a friend! and work	4
i wish its not the same without you guys	0
i wish its not the same without you guys	1
boys lie for sport i get that shit now	0
the real missing part to copa isnt neymar .  .  .  its ian darke	1
one more mf time for the one time if it aint directed i cant respect it	0
sadly yes	0
1 week tomorrow	0
angie and her mother are so beautiful . 	0
devastated and angry . 	1
wanna cuddle with him so bad	1
dude and pictures in one tweet ?  what happened ?  dont exclude me	0
you are slaying the blue colour left ,  right and center! oh that almost ryhmed	0
you are slaying the blue colour left ,  right and center! oh that almost ryhmed	0
thank you handsome	0
i finish at 8 and im going straight to the bar to watch the game so i wont be back until late!!	1
lol yup! hes gonna be saying that on every platform he can	0
i require new music .  .  . please and thank you!	0
anche a te ,  wally	0
indeed! we breed em down this end!	0
indeed! we breed em down this end!	0
#delta ,  your prices way too high .  .  .  . you need to cut it!	1
thank you cjoy stay strong kung meron	0
this poor man! #thismorning #stalkinghell	3
this poor man! #thismorning #stalkinghell	5
its just them and theres other things you tit valium is useless xd	0
weddings are literally the cutest thing	0
being called psycho isnt even offensive .  i already know i am ,  youre not telling me anything	0
niggas is charging $20 for parties now ?  thats two meals ? 	0
thank you so much gbiggie! i love and miss you!! come visit me soon	1
me & my nigga so mfn tight yall couldnt tell us apart	0
happy birthday i hate u	2
happy birthday i hate u	0
this is awful	2
i had to do it for the culture	0
you cool af & beautiful we used to be hella close idk what really happened ! but i miss you	0
you cool af & beautiful we used to be hella close idk what really happened ! but i miss you	1
so playful	0
i have to be at work at 9	1
and dont follow me on twitter i dont wana be a politician lol i m comfortable and loving myself as a sports man	0
i wish i could do one pull up	0
sid-alia they are real life couple ! & looks the best eith each other	0
i can read a few letters but is still confused with pronunciation . 	1
thats as far theyll go	0
oh yeah .  .  .  i been dead for bout 3 days now .  i thought id come back to life just to tweet that . 	0
my second time calling about my order within the past 3 days and ive been on hold for 20 minutes without speaking to anyone . 	2
i cant wait to get my hair done so i can be a bad bitch again	1
love you!!	0
thanks dom	0
brilliant	0
awww thanks babe	0
u can find me whereever the white girls are	0
lol i just noticed you talk trash about me but you following me on twitter	0
why am i not surprised	2
why am i not surprised	5
movies later	0
does my boyfriend hate me ? 	1
lol at the "stupid and single . "	0
great morning!	0
homemade white pizza i love being a homebody	0
parklife looked a billion times better than wildlife	1
hey guys dont forget to keep us posted	0
need the mrs to wake up and fetch me food top day out with fam at the christening	4
everyone follow !!! my boy is finally on here	0
"why couldnt my birthday be this year ? " i dont even look at you the same	1
tumblr hiding the ios sharing options (like send to pocket) under a button right next to "report" ,  which doesnt prompt for confirmation	1
tumblr hiding the ios sharing options (like send to pocket) under a button right next to "report" ,  which doesnt prompt for confirmation	4
what a lucky girl i am pamero was awesome round cic*** xc adding just 3 . 2 time pens  .  .  .  .  he felt totally incredible	0
what a lucky girl i am pamero was awesome round cic*** xc adding just 3 . 2 time pens  .  .  .  .  he felt totally incredible	0
gol yankee	2
gol yankee	4
or jamba juice	5
yall have new names / handles .  very confusing . 	1
can not stand jobsworths who think they know it all and are better than you	2
thanks man! theres only 3 days left	0
thanks	0
why it is broken	1
lebron better come back ready to work the fuck	2
lebron better come back ready to work the fuck	4
they will separate hahaha me so mean	0
was watching jtr and fruitful trip .  laughing at first ,  but frowned when i see yc .  how i miss his sweet genuine smile	1
was watching jtr and fruitful trip .  laughing at first ,  but frowned when i see yc .  how i miss his sweet genuine smile	4
they are man! thats what its all about	0
thanks kimaya	0
hmm .  .  but i love expensive stuff .  . 	0
im suddenly confused	3
im suddenly confused	5
i want to move to omaha already	1
lol i know	1
areee u suree	0
driving there now .  party isnt until 2 . 	0
driving there now .  party isnt until 2 . 	0
i use to want you so bad dat she dead now thou	0
thank you	0
4 days	0
achey shoulders this morning after last nights swim	1
hehehe pssssh ,  me ?  oh id never	0
if cleveland win tonight everybody who retweet this get 110 dollars	0
i want what they have forever	1
yeah you to old tho	1
ooooh noooo mustache rides	0
47 .  whats poppin  ? 	0
sounds like a plan to me	0
bread really annoying .  its always getting stuck in my braces	1
what .  what  ?  why are sayin what	0
and a chiropractor	1
into you by ari	0
your cousin "duplicate tweet" is annoying af	2
your cousin "duplicate tweet" is annoying af	4
my dad puts his cruise control 5-10 miles higher than the actual speed limit .  like wtf ,  so much for maintaining the speed limit!	0
leather legging and leather boots pic coming later on i think .  .  . 	0
isnt everyday a haiky day to you ?  hahaha hang in there crew	0
when your cats a meme	0
such a bright and sunny morning .  .  .  .  good morning guys .  .  .  .  have a nice day ahead .  .  .  . 	0
lol corrie hears all	0
you gotta break the rules to have a lil fun	0
 .  .  .  . hes back .  and i am thrilled cant wait to see more of the old fire	0
ugh yes .  now we have to deal with these boring clowns lol .  brb crying . 	1
my uncles are all funny	0
thank you for following	0
since i havent heard by now ,  and tomorrow is monday ,  im gonna assume that didnt choose me to go to six flags with him . 	1
i went to bed at 9pm last night and i still nearly slept in for work this morning #tooearly	4
kuya j restaurant is fucking lit! must try!	0
i just did 30 minutes of gardening and the skin on my arms now feels like its on fire . 	1
see you at 7	0
ready to start work on monday now	2
ready to start work on monday now	5
yall are some fucking characters	0
had a water fight with and kortny im pretty sure i won .  happy birthday alie hope you had a good start	0
so many grad parties ,  so little time	0
value is important if you want to buy something different .  only ever bought with lust . 	0
if you lost your hope today ,  put your hope in jesus .  he cares . 	0
warriors*	0
thanks!! and see ya	0
a sad and senseless tragedy for sure	1
hes the cutest monster	0
he will .  .  .  . wynonna gonna go back .  .  .  . they always go #wyndoc #cantresistthepaislyshirt	0
he will .  .  .  . wynonna gonna go back .  .  .  . they always go #wyndoc #cantresistthepaislyshirt	0
he will .  .  .  . wynonna gonna go back .  .  .  . they always go #wyndoc #cantresistthepaislyshirt	0
i french braided spencers hair and he took it out immediately after i was done	1
ugh why do i have to lose a friend now this is stupid .  leave her alone .  derek dms buddy . 	1
ugh why do i have to lose a friend now this is stupid .  leave her alone .  derek dms buddy . 	4
im starving .  .  .  and driving . 	1
because im a busy person .  charot!!	0
miss u guys	1
thats not too bad	0
all the best w/your surgery tomorrow ,  steve .  .  .  youll be just fine  . 	0
mine too and my tummy hurts so bad ifeel  .  .  ugh	1
i miss you san andres	1
the #e32016 conference tonight got me feeling so many wayys	0
where did it all go wrong jen ? !	0
lmao .  mehn i was sleepy	0
i aint even know you left put on and grind out there	0
jenni why would she have one ?  ?  ? 	0
better it be two months of wasted time than two and a half years though .  progress ,  jasmine	0
perfect time to cuddle	0
thinking of having frapuccino mocha afterwards	0
holy	0
cant wait to see my baby	0
i said please too	1
saammmmmmeeeew and not sweat my balls off	0
i dont have ig installed on my phone so i dont even get a warning about any of this shit i just refresh my tl and everyones yelling	1
yeah i dont miss the humidity	0
i know and loving the gif!	0
yes ,  i can .  but im very committed to staying! im trying not to be too pessimistic about the future - but its hard	1
yo what its happening ,  i cant take her out of my mind .  .  . 	1
yo what its happening ,  i cant take her out of my mind .  .  . 	5
ohh i forgot	0
fuckin family guy	0
had to let it all out	0
me too ,  i lost the one i love the most and i really need some more oversized tshirts	1
like another hour till i fly out to cancun	0
i miss	1
i wish i could help the ppl in kiribati	1
the amount of times my parents have argued about which car to take makes me wanna rip my hair out	4
i dont want to stay home today	1
oht for #aldubtrueidentity keep tweeting everyone! have a great maineday!	0
doggy bag ? 	0
im missing you guys	1
so is ! enjoy . 	0
i have rerouted 8 times atlanta has me so lost	1
its just sad . 	1
crazy as hell when you know someone being cheated on & they have no clue	1
subh bakhair have a good day .  may allah pak bless you all .  .  9th ramzan mubarak .  . 	0
yall was so scared	0
so i have to do it tonight	0
i keep missing your calls	2
i keep missing your calls	4
ok ,  sign me up	0
/art	0
dont leave your bag un-attended	0
contemplating a plan rn	2
style/binge drinking .  .  .  its all the same!	0
in not you are	0
good	0
i got no main one to begin w aint nobody good enough for me	0
you are so pretty i dont see how you can be related to that beast of a brother of yours .  thats my dawg…	0
you are so pretty i dont see how you can be related to that beast of a brother of yours .  thats my dawg…	0
my dumb ass left my do not disturb on	1
they tooo dey complain .  .  .  haba	0
i miss my bestfriend	1
you been poppin to me	0
lovely ,  thanks for the chance! #cathkidston	0
awh i feel sorry for taylor	1
stole ya metro card lawwwwwd	1
i swear it be like that with her	1
huge shout out & congratulations to for passing her boards	0
glad you had a good time . 	0
seriously need to find my vasline	1
evenement sportifs de lannée le real win ldc james win nba edf out in euro  .  .  . loading spain win euro .  .  .  loading phelps…	0
evenement sportifs de lannée le real win ldc james win nba edf out in euro  .  .  . loading spain win euro .  .  .  loading phelps…	4
why am i not following you! ?  happy birthday love! i miss you hope you have a a$$ day!	0
why am i not following you! ?  happy birthday love! i miss you hope you have a a$$ day!	1
great britain .  nbadraft .  thank goodness its friday!	1
going w / my baby today	0
i am university level trained in it my friend	0
yay! ok	0
bra on my life i wanna be just like that nigga dc7up who own them v-live strip clubs bra got the best strip clubs in the nation!	4
kyrie the best point guard in the steph have a seat wait your turn	0
omg which one  ? 	1
have a hug	0
was never a fan of theresa may but things have changed and that speech she just delivered wow #theresamay	0
all these sales at work are making me upset	3
all these sales at work are making me upset	5
july hello birthmonth	0
i should sleep now	0
reasons why you should transfer to our school	2
you realize saying "african american" doesnt make you look more tolerant right ?  just a tip	0
its raining because you left	1
finally	0
im excited tbh i tried to get seat fillers for the awards but got denied	1
i should be home with my feet elevated lookin how they look ,  but when someone says target i just cant help myself	0
sorry ,  actually sending bill is the only option	0
god! can you imagine ?  wed be insufferable!	0
i cant be in love again	1
you live in portland and youre all jazzed about the bagels at sb ?  whats next ,  you just love coffee at dunkin donuts ? 	1
dead af . 	0
saturday say salittyation	0
pig lips&lt ; &lt ; 	4
treys chill af most times but sometimes i think the man has anger issues	1
i might just get a disney annual pass bc why not	0
im not even worried about it	0
trick for hard crunchy canned chickpeas - toss with a little baking soda and let sit 5-10 min to soften ,  then rinse	0
i cant get warm	1
i cant get warm	4
how is one as perfect as selena gomez ,  like slay gurl	0
go suck a dick	0
had a couple mate home now	0
tonight	2
jr type of nigga dnt know how to act wen u give him anything	0
off to see using my #limitless card	0
thank you for the t-shirt! its really really nice	0
my mom has 28 , 254 messages on her phone .  .  .  it took verizon almost an hour to transfer everything from her old to her new phone .  .  good lord	1
omg taylor this was real quick	3
so tired but so much homework	1
spoil her with love ,  loyalty ,  time ,  attention ,  head ,  & food !	0
woke up with sharp pains in my thigh/hip ?  ?  ? 	1
shut that crap up you know im lebron fan i just wanted houston to represent but they failed	1
right its finna be 1	0
all angel wanna do is lay up under me	1
your snapchat story today your wee paps is lovely #snapchat	0
your snapchat story today your wee paps is lovely #snapchat	0
okay that was one time and we were fine	0
they needed a new singer in heaven #ripchristina	1
we never been ballers but we getting p*** with our personality t-pain x lil dicky	0
its a wrap! ya rabbi finally qistina done donated her blood	0
 .  i always tell my family that i can imagine much worser things to buy with the money	0
you did very well in not spoilering me re clara and the doctor one ep to go w/river and then im waiting like everyone else	3
you did very well in not spoilering me re clara and the doctor one ep to go w/river and then im waiting like everyone else	5
i want play cards so bad .  cant nobody beat me in pitty pat . 	0
oh yeah time for a swim	0
i knew it	2
i knew it	4
maybe its not meant to be	1
this is all gonna be worth it	1
i really want a banana rn	1
just like im dropping out to see beyoncé right before that	0
need 1 corner tho	1
you mad bruhhh ?  road rage like me!	0
sadness is soooo temporary its not even funny .  it legit only lasts as long as you let it .  fake ass emotion . 	1
just got home from schooooooool	0
alcohol and books ,  my kinda night	1
i dont fuck around	1
keep 100 all the way  .  .  she a bad b* #blackinkcrew	0
the fourth one is defiantly me	0
i gave it to my mom instead ,  im sorry	1
but of course my size was out	1
any laker fan with half a brain knows hes not signing here ,  this argument is irrelevant .  #staysalty	0
literally any & everything that can go wrong always goes fuckin wrong	2
literally any & everything that can go wrong always goes fuckin wrong	4
you so pretty	0
im going xxl im in new york now	0
i wish this day was more meaningful for me	1
the whole top half of my phone doesnt work like i cant touch shit up there	1
i never thought i would be so excited to get a washer and dryer lmao! but i truly am	0
i cant sleep fa nothing . 	0
it does! i think its like $30 a month but so easy! im thinking about doing it .  you know ,  if j loves me enough	0
not yet .  but im hoping the stunning will be there for me soon . 	0
my dog really been walking round with a gold chain on all day	0
but then again pll is all you need	0
im indecisive so i text random people to make decisions for me	0
hi you have just met my mum and my step dad on holiday hope you find a new team good luck	0
i want ios 10	1
9:09 for me	0
i wasted my whole summer being faithful im mad at my damn self now	2
the snaps i get from darrian	0
happy birthday baby i love you	0
turkey	0
might have a open house on 4th of july weekend	2
follow me	0
marlin always seems to forget what shes just said .  .  .  .  you did say that #loveisland	0
and i still have him	0
omggg ,  never kody  .  .  im still a virgin .  im scared of dick	0
only if jail in real life was like jail is on oitnb .  .  .  . they have so much freedom	1
aww youre welcome im happy youll read them and yas i loved all the bright places	0
aww youre welcome im happy youll read them and yas i loved all the bright places	0
if you need to know something about me ,  ask me!!! yall niggas kill me i promise	2
if you need to know something about me ,  ask me!!! yall niggas kill me i promise	4
miss yours more lady	0
so proud of you jackie	0
i know i was gonna tag you in his insta post	0
im hungry	1
i watch the dumbest things on youtube	0
glad we got that sorted!!	0
nakakatuwa u direk , thanks for being so nice & accommodating to us adn ,  ive got strong feeling u are one of us! #aldubksreunion	0
goal for the summer is to get jane r running so i can take her on some adventures	0
*sees answer and flys down to indio*	0
the throwback are actually the worst thing ive ever seen ,  thanks rhi love u	0
derrick is over here telling lies about me	0
beyond ready for my husband to be home especially since hes only gonna be home 4 days before he leaves me again for two weeks	2
beyond ready for my husband to be home especially since hes only gonna be home 4 days before he leaves me again for two weeks	4
man i really put up my juice	0
if u become a priest ill be a nun	0
im still mad at myself that my best friend called & tried to visit me after work and i havent seen her in ages and i was asleep dang it	1
calm down dc ,  yall can keep new balance	0
lots of thoughts and prayers for my #2376 (sodo) friends .  .  .  its scary to think such an event can happen so close to home	1
tough day ,  goodnight	4
4 meses	2
4 meses	4
thank you for retweeting my tweet for #teamjade means a lot	0
every time i pull out some pussy from the back i always end up nutting in they hair and dont be telling them	2
she really is	0
so far ive eaten 3 chobanis .  . which were delicious ,  but i am dyiiiing for some meat	1
12 mins before the fast starts should i eat this other persons ice cream that i really want or not	1
12 mins before the fast starts should i eat this other persons ice cream that i really want or not	5
got a hungry headache . 	1
hi if this tweet gained a hundred retweets ,  youll follow me back ,  okay ?  okay ,  hahahaha! ily miko x	1
i wouldve been looking like a fool cause they dont open till 12	0
i dont feel good . 	2
you getting chose	0
the british summer time showed itself today it thunder and lightning storm but i had ice cream so all is well	0
she wanna wear swim suit n we aint even going swimming just getting on the ride	2
she wanna wear swim suit n we aint even going swimming just getting on the ride	4
focus on you make your life happy and make your many careers grow	0
sameeee	1
jordyn got so hurt that the waitress called me babe	0
i feel like im the only person in the world who doesnt watch greys anatomy	0
yes .  you old farts have not been through the necessary compliance training in order to vote the right way	0
she doesnt like niggas	0
why is there always that one girl that has to tell me what to do	0
well it is a 45 through there sooooo	0
please dont	1
dont listen to the haters jacob just know there is supporting fans out there and im one of them ilysm	0
if u can put up w me u honestly deserve the world n more	0
im going comfort her now .  g2g	1
omg we have a toothpaste situation here	0
okay ,  this is the moment	0
its cool i like you too much to do that	0
today i put chemicals in the pool and then made the guards stir it for 30 min with sticks like it was a giant thing of lemonade	0
thanky	0
go to ny and stop by and see ya boi while tall are at it .  ill even tag along	0
what a gloomy morning #rain	1
that was the best reaction i would guess making things #awkward	0
lmao i was just about to	0
y are so gorgeous dream woman #wce	0
with work ,  school ,  and all the other shit im involved in i havent been able to have a lot summer yet . 	1
ima chug the little bit of fireball i have left	0
wanna go on a real nice date	1
hahaha! well i could live with that! imagine me trying to be professional at harewood house .  . 	0
charise tricked us into coming to an all reggae club	1
my sister had me rolling at the banquet	0
if i could only voice out	1
my mouth is in pain	1
"im following your lead .  i ask you what you need  .  .  you say a guarantee . "	0
aye but this artwork piling up .  .  . im tryna finish yall i got u .  its alot	0
i wish would tweet me back someday .  i know its too much to ask but ive been waiting for many many years! lym!! #l4l	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	0
hey you!	3
hey you!	5
do not know what to get kannon to wear for his birthday	1
im telling you i am not ready to come and live this independent college life no way .  i miss my bed at home i wanna cry .  dad come get me	1
i want to be the beach on july 4th	0
i appreciate that you like a spaz! i dont know any other way!	0
oomf just broke my heart rn	1
im not a good friend you guys should get rid of me	1
thats cute! love you too homie	0
i randomly keep waking up	1
well at least youll have experience in being the "fun uncle" if you never have kids . 	0
columbus for the weekend	0
so only me did not watch the awards ? 	1
am good this show makes me feel like:two_hearts::two_hearts:and you all	0
am good this show makes me feel like:two_hearts::two_hearts:and you all	0
fuck you hoe i was tryna help yo ass out	0
fuck you hoe i was tryna help yo ass out	1
good luck although being a scot i hope that england lose .  .  .  .  enjoy the game #stillnotfollowingmeisee	0
good luck although being a scot i hope that england lose .  .  .  .  enjoy the game #stillnotfollowingmeisee	3
good luck although being a scot i hope that england lose .  .  .  .  enjoy the game #stillnotfollowingmeisee	5
i need a gym partner .  i can never find one	1
i cannot wait to get a puppy	0
i now understand why some mums turn into alcoholics and constantly want to run away from their family #iwouldtoopal	0
thank you charisse!!	0
im so annoyed ,  shouting at everyone in the house	1
happy birthday homie!! have a good one bro!!	2
i know it be a first for me ive never been camping	1
i know it be a first for me ive never been camping	1
having to close my window because the smell of someones bbq is making me hungry	0
who lied	0
let us know if you have any questions! were happy to help	0
#tweetlyricsthatneedtobeshouted fuck you back to sleep !	0
my bad i havent texted you my phone been off but you be	0
finally taking a break from cavsmania to watch got .  .  .  please still be alive jon snow when the episode is over .  .  . 	0
memories make us more cautious in our lives . 	0
okay ,  forget it!	1
you love us	0
i havent seen it	1
it gets me every time	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x59 , 876	0
happy birthday g	2
the medical field is 100% the right field for me	0
but the money is great & you feel good when you actually save someone	0
but the money is great & you feel good when you actually save someone	0
money down the drain .  .  cheers hungary	2
money down the drain .  .  cheers hungary	4
yeah	0
lmao were not even out of the house living on our own yet .  .  .  theyre gonna beat us to it	1
struggle	1
#thingspvtaughtme apparently nobody loyal	0
the accuracy	3
damn scrapp .  the system isnt designed for people of color .  20 years moe #lhhatl	3
damn scrapp .  the system isnt designed for people of color .  20 years moe #lhhatl	5
lebron daughter is so cute!	0
im feeling sooooo good today ,  life is great	0
made it home	0
phone calls at 3am are not called for .  unless its an emergency .  #thanks	0
my belly is getting bigger .  ugh . 	1
im irritated asf & im not even sleepy	1
wtf i just fell more in love with you !	0
wed be happy to help . 	0
if i wasnt so tired i would go to greenwood to see	1
seriously why did my friends let me watch a walk to remember	1
and i love youuuu	0
so excited that i get to see today	0
now this i like good theories so far!	0
now this i like good theories so far!	0
my silly job is preventing me from doing that!	1
everyone is literally madlamini and dlamini	0
if all else fails k just wont have any wardrobe changes	1
she acting up	0
have fun at summer school you weenies	0
i dont think ive had this much to drink since my graduation party which was last june lol	0
he kept trying to open my laptop earlier today & i realized that it was because thats where i play mickey	0
sids acting is so so real nothing loud ,  nothing over the top!  .  . very subtle and matured performance arjuuun #ka…	0
but youre not juggling two jobs .  you know ,  this is your job .  "somethings gotta give . " more surprising is v hasnt got fir…	0
 .  .  . really dont feel like going to the gym .  .  . which is why i should go #summersalreadyhere	1
oh nah	0
happy bc i finally came to brendas	0
cross country club is on tomorrow morning 8 . 15am .  come for a run! diolch	0
i saw teanna trump eating soap on snapchat awhile back and she say 1776 will commence again	1
yo let me find out	0
oh wow not bad such an fake  . 	0
ive took about 5 naps today	1
lil kim isnt even pretty anymore	4
mailed out some invoices today .  hopefully they get to the farmers by fall #canadapoststrike	1
my job being so inconsiderate	1
ok! bear in mind ill ask you to handle sewage though!	0
but my brother and his wife welcoming my neice	0
but my brother and his wife welcoming my neice	1
10 days	1
youre gonna miss me when im gone .  #tvk3feels	0
i didnt know you did modelling for album covers!	3
had to go through the media real quick	0
honestly dont have time for people that only speak to you when they want something	2
honestly dont have time for people that only speak to you when they want something	4
i want someone to buy me cute things and take me cute places	1
amen	0
sc is a gop establishment heaven .  too many liberals moving here ,  voting in gop primaries ,  and old conservatives are dying off . 	1
came out the shower and saw they retweeted another so happy just a follow and reply left	0
came out the shower and saw they retweeted another so happy just a follow and reply left	1
kodak black def need to win a award	0
dont get me started	4
which video ? 	0
wen consequences of bein a loner are apparent! my ♕ just absorbing my love built up ,  kingstitution just told me ,  i lost points on my	1
✿:gem_stone:@lenas_view hi my love can you follow me ?  please youre my angel thank you for everything i love you so much ♡ × 1159	0
✿:gem_stone:@lenas_view hi my love can you follow me ?  please youre my angel thank you for everything i love you so much ♡ × 1159	1
money is needed	0
i wished id inherited this sharp mind instead of his untidyness miss him every day . 	0
my sons	0
wtf am i watching	3
really ?  my first game im watching i watched brazil one time but there so	0
i miss you guys	1
long distance ,  i need you	0
happy birthday joel!! xx	0
i get annoyed when i offer to buy or pay something for someone & they dont let me but as soon as they try to do it for me ,  im like fuck no	1
why siri always wants to talk to me when im at work knowing damn well this bank is quite af	1
thanks kaci	0
ill spit in yo bitch face & slap tf out you	0
clueless	0
- youre my cousins ex	0
we were bad ass before it was bad ass to be a bad ass	0
if you have the shits ,  please feel free to pop round and help me in my cause	2
im curious!	0
happy birthday beautiful!! hope you have a fab #geminisrock	0
im sleepy with a headache lol	1
eating popcorn in front of the fan but the fan keep blowing em out your hands  ?  i can relate	2
eating popcorn in front of the fan but the fan keep blowing em out your hands  ?  i can relate	4
need my hair done	1
damn that sucks	1
baby girl maybe if those punches were hard enough i wouldve stopped talking but you aint leave a mark soooo #scaryassbitch	0
i have a limit .  so idk abour each finger .  but thatd be a nice course to ads to the meal . 	0
cant sleep just thinking about this trip	2
cant sleep just thinking about this trip	4
gorgeous	0
nope you can eat on the bus #sy5chat	0
forgive and forget thats all	0
so true tho	0
malkin is standing on the bench in the locker room dumping champagne on everyone	0
it must have been love	0
thats a good offer as a chew toy	0
i started drinking at 1 yesterday and got home at 9 this morning im done . 	1
i feel like i shouldnt partake in #fatassesbreaktheinternet	0
let me sing on the hook to one of those guys im jp but good shit	2
nothing bothers me more than when people ignore me	2
nothing bothers me more than when people ignore me	4
i wish i wouldnt cry when i laugh	2
i wish i wouldnt cry when i laugh	4
i go through waves .  restriction and exercising for months on end .  then binging and purging for like 6 months .  going back to restricting	1
happy happy 18th birthday ,  sorry i couldnt make it last night i hope you had a great night! legal ka na . …	1
tempted to stay home and nap instead of going to work	0
who doesnt already know that	2
who doesnt already know that	4
you gmfu	0
is there anything else you can do with them ?  i do quite fancy a cheapish one	0
im impressed you managed to hold it together	0
you are very welcome ,  i made it with similar colours to the cover of your book in mind i hope you had a great evening	0
hi alli ,  just had a glass of prosecco & thought of you hope youve had a lovely saturday	0
i couldve just walked in the bedroom and been like ,  "happy fathers day ,  daddy!" and you woulda been like ,  "huh ? "	0
everyone shut the fuck up about game of thrones im still on season 4	1
follback	0
thats a tough call .  perfection would be a pub showing the poland game (that also serves champagne by the glass)	0
probably because my selfies are trash	1
i just want to be back home	1
i dont understand why everyone thinks i wear color contacts .  .  .  no my eyes are real guys	2
i dont understand why everyone thinks i wear color contacts .  .  .  no my eyes are real guys	4
ouw .  .  so sorry i opened it but forgot 2 reply .  .  how come i let it be like that ive replied tho ,  hehe see you in wa	0
ouw .  .  so sorry i opened it but forgot 2 reply .  .  how come i let it be like that ive replied tho ,  hehe see you in wa	1
ouw .  .  so sorry i opened it but forgot 2 reply .  .  how come i let it be like that ive replied tho ,  hehe see you in wa	1
that reminds me ,  i want some smarties	0
my dumbass want stay home	2
my dumbass want stay home	4
you have to much of a life	1
i be seeing you around but your cute	0
ummahh	0
ummahh	0
cant believe i thought was cristiano ronaldo on #bbbots	0
couldnt get a seat no i have to wait until 21:45 to see it	2
couldnt get a seat no i have to wait until 21:45 to see it	4
if youve never took a shower w/ ya friend ,  seen them naked ,  shared nudes ,  etc  .  yall not really friends	0
new avi!	0
xoxo	0
used tangerine black soap .  glad it is fair trade so women are paid fairly for their work .  htt…	0
im so booless no one wants me	0
just living life	0
definitely making a steak and cheese when i get off tonight	0
hella funny to watch kids spend their parents money and pretend its theirs	0
how much you wanna bet	0
i thought he said n-y-p-y-t but he said m-y-p-y-t	1
dont take chemistry!! way too many labs and that can pull your gpa down	2
dont take chemistry!! way too many labs and that can pull your gpa down	4
wait what stage is it again	0
ecel kpop (:squinting_face_with_tongue:) dance videos(slayy) cute outfits d . o .  & sfac	0
ecel kpop (:squinting_face_with_tongue:) dance videos(slayy) cute outfits d . o .  & sfac	3
ecel kpop (:squinting_face_with_tongue:) dance videos(slayy) cute outfits d . o .  & sfac	5
not what i wanted	1
hel munster the best	0
my goal is that the person i love follow me .  notice me trey ,  iloveyou!  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  aleck x53	0
were not that close lol .  you talk to my your pretty and if we talk more ,  wed be closer	0
were not that close lol .  you talk to my your pretty and if we talk more ,  wed be closer	0
were not that close lol .  you talk to my your pretty and if we talk more ,  wed be closer	0
better not to worry and just kick back	0
aaaaaa so cute when he laugh	1
they can be actually really emo sometimes lol but same .  theyre so ambitious af im jell	1
starting now the amount of effort people put into me ,  im going to put into them .  i wonder how many people will complain	0
back killing me	1
club lexus will be the death of me and my wallet	1
im not lyin	0
i need to go to bath & body works and use this coupon .  like asap .  .  . i wont be able to until thursday when my sis comes back darn	1
i miss you so much	1
its 2:50am here and i cannot sleep at all tweet me something babe ? 	1
my head killing me	4
do you think you can through me in there so i can have a quick one with sam ?  #noshame	0
oh no ,  havent worn m kathmandu in ages ,  this bitch is tight	0
unnie omg ur so pretty	0
man i was shook i did not expect that come up smh es okay anyways miss you selena	0
who trynna watch the argentina game tho	0
it never really is	0
i want cake	1
were allowed to go there ? 	0
its definitely the shoes	0
"chill with the emojis i dont know you like that man" dead assss fucccckkk	0
i been denying that i was spoiled for years but i swear when i dont get my way i be ready to give up on life	0
that head looked fire af	1
obvio	0
all the best jugaa gee get well soon okay	0
add our snapchat to see everything that happens backstage here in london!! - roadtriptv	0
i love jolly ranchers new slogan #keeponsucking so relatable:person_tipping_hand: .  .  .  .  .  no fr who made the decision to clear that one	0
i love jolly ranchers new slogan #keeponsucking so relatable:person_tipping_hand: .  .  .  .  .  no fr who made the decision to clear that one	3
i love jolly ranchers new slogan #keeponsucking so relatable:person_tipping_hand: .  .  .  .  .  no fr who made the decision to clear that one	5
this is simply suffocating i just want my old life back w/o any of these things	1
thank you good luck to you both too!	0
thank you good luck to you both too!	0
its gonna be plenty of snapbacks for a month	0
when you get a good morning text like whaaaaaaat	3
when you get a good morning text like whaaaaaaat	5
at first i thought some colleague must have told him something but when i dug deeper he actually thought no can walk five days	1
i have otter pops right now too hahaha	0
#jasam s care package from sonny included a gun and jasons now packing ?  yes!! #mrandmrsmorgan #jasamadventure #gh #lovethem	0
#jasam s care package from sonny included a gun and jasons now packing ?  yes!! #mrandmrsmorgan #jasamadventure #gh #lovethem	0
i cant believe i forgot how much i love how bout now by drake like why	0
i really need to get fit	1
heavy hearts today we miss you a ton man	1
kinda want some ice cream kinda want him to use some ice to make me cream	0
on rig the most annoying things is covering a shift for somebody and then needing help and them saying no	0
you can call me what you want just dont call me on speakerphone	1
once you reply	0
my hair is always frizzy like no matter what	2
my hair is always frizzy like no matter what	4
my camp schedule is very different than my school schedule and im just chillin waiting to leave	1
my body hurts	1
not fair i have to send you now balloons to london	0
no ,  just take out chase or grant!	0
thanks i have	0
i literally havent eaten in almost 3 days and i feel fine	3
i literally havent eaten in almost 3 days and i feel fine	5
thank u!!! xx	0
i told you this	1
have 4 on the way as we speak my friend #coybig #truefan	0
chill with all that nonsense	0
ive been watching it on netflix	1
woy came good 2nd half make the opposition think about our strengths ,  dont set a team up to defend theirs! come on england!!!!	0
i just cant w/ these clowns	1
ahh well your loss x	0
i cant rt that cause i promised a friend of mine no spoilers shell watch it now	0
bousin bopppp you bove be boo	0
lol im like .  .  .  . where do the white folks live	0
i dont know how to work out the maths ,  but ill take your word for it .  & i get the joke now ,  yay!	0
ma you dont even know the half im a grower i love my trees	1
ma you dont even know the half im a grower i love my trees	1
ma you dont even know the half im a grower i love my trees	5
welcome thanks have a great sunday . 	0
"lets go trolling megan! ill hook you up with 100% usda prime beef!"	0
jimmy	0
look at the tweet i replied to originally	1
buy yourself a new phone	0
i just wanna lay up ,  smoke ,  and have good conversation	1
aint no stopping me	2
i always look at my boyfriend and wonder how tf are you mine	0
going back to sleep because im so tired gahd!!	1
it does but when its over i get suits and mr robot	0
it does but when its over i get suits and mr robot	1
omg!!! im glad you were safe! this was such a disaster! 1 day after another disaster in the same	1
omg!!! im glad you were safe! this was such a disaster! 1 day after another disaster in the same	5
so badly wanting to play for utsa in there basketball program	1
we have to be moved out of my house by july 8th ,  two days before my birthday .  which leaves me homeless .  happy birthday to me .  . 	1
i was getting like no service .  sorry babe	1
curry choked game tied at 89 he missed a wide open 3 pointer in the clutch greatest shooter my ass ray allen wouldve drilled dat bih	1
great choices - do let us know what you think of them all ,  we hope these ones are a bit more to your liking!	0
no worries i think i can handle a kick from two directions!	0
seriously cant wait! flumes music is	0
hahaha ussi se hi kaam chalalungi .  u know im hamesha bhukhad when it comes to cake .  have fun love .  . 	0
thank you for following us	0
haha another block from lebron to curry	0
happy birthday buddy ,  dont give my bean bad relationship advice	0
my mama has me watching fucking diy network	2
my mama has me watching fucking diy network	4
you was moved on before you even decided to move on so fuck does that matter	0
finally on our way now . 	0
where is julio ?  - (where is jules on youtube ? ) -	0
happy bday !!! keep grinding at life sorry for my dad	0
be mine and ill treat you like youre a queen my queen ill be your joeybear again	0
wanna come with me to the art store on thursday ?  i gotta pick up a sketchbook and a canvas	0
there has not been light since forever ,  so i can pretty much live with that	1
i might as well move in here tf	1
oh my god i love you so much! your support means everything .  keep slaying the game you talented beauty	1
i needa take my daughter to the movies so she can watch finding dory	0
yes very sexy more of them i want to lick her get her nice n wet then slide deep inside her	2
does anyone actually want these 8s ?  if so comment size and ill pull some strings	0
oh im a mess right now . 	1
thank you ,  i hope you have a good weekend	0
lmaoo yes did yall ever start texting ? 	1
hahahaha having my sahur already	0
and its back to gloomy rainy weather	2
and its back to gloomy rainy weather	4
last day in new york	1
thanks bro ill give you a couple ls when i am	0
another one	1
bantus leaving again ?  what a wanker! the lion will fetch him again .  .  .  weve been through this routine #igazi	2
bantus leaving again ?  what a wanker! the lion will fetch him again .  .  .  weve been through this routine #igazi	4
lmao nah i didnt know .  i usually eat them the same day i make them now i know	1
i hope theyll add the nightelves and the undead in the next warcraft movie	0
im imagining myself with you .  #mr . right #imagineyouandme #aldub11thmonthsary	0
hungry .  .  i gotta taste for some hot wings	0
me how are you  ?  she f9 me what ?  she fine .  .  .  what are you doing ?  me f5 she what ?  me refreshing	0
cant believe one of my closest friends is heading off to the navy next week its weighing heavy on my heart love you	1
normani better come through with pics from tonight	4
i got you ,  and i dare you to try	0
actually this one was	0
and to think juventus got him for free .  man utds really stupid to let him go	0
happy fathers day  .  .  its still tho	0
its not looking good	2
its not looking good	4
the 2014 version of annie is one of my favorite movies ever .  (and no its not bc the main actress is from louisiana	0
the 2014 version of annie is one of my favorite movies ever .  (and no its not bc the main actress is from louisiana	0
every time	0
dudes on here straight thirsting on girls smh dm me if you agree ladies	2
dudes on here straight thirsting on girls smh dm me if you agree ladies	4
wow .  .  i know where i stand .  replaced with a fucking game	2
wow .  .  i know where i stand .  replaced with a fucking game	4
no vardy no party #euro2016 #vardysonfire	0
dead sleepy  .  but i still have work to do	1
oh my!	0
ivan covered 10 . 1km	1
ivan covered 10 . 1km	4
ive never been one of those girls that changes my sig others name in my phone cause were fighting .  .  thats childish ,  unless we	0
just seen it now! its sad that patriotism has caused some people to lose their humanity	1
probs	0
i just drank old ass vegan protein and i still cant get the taste out of my mouth	4
nlc classify is up .  statuscode=200 , responseisvalid=true , responsetime=2546	0
oh i thought i have chubby cheeks phew	0
you had a little dick & i was still down for you	1
the glow up is so real lmao thank you beautiful ill see you soon	0
last time i checked ya dumb ass was in 10th with your lil cousin boo	1
chik-fil-a sauce on my mind	1
i really wouldnt mind not having an alergic reaction everytime i touch one of my pets	0
you will always be by my side till the day i die	0
one man said i get to go home now but when i close my eyes i can see your pretty smile that was so cute	0
i need a gram so bad rn and no one up	1
i need a gram so bad rn and no one up	1
hart*	0
youre welcome!	0
me too	0
thanks & i got you	0
thanks & i got you	0
oh my gosh	0
ever tried asking a xhosa girl out and she replies "ewe neh ?  uba utsho bhuti ,  andinoku phikisa .  . " like wtf	0
you know i would	0
still crying over the tubs of ice cream sarah got for $10	0
that looks like goat simulator ? 	0
i really want to see finding dory this week but i have no money	1
you are my original in this world full of posers ok waley hahahaha	0
9 hours and 31 mins till game 7	2
9 hours and 31 mins till game 7	5
this nigga jordan a fool	1
i would but im not there	1
lol !! i dont have time but still i will check thank you lady	0
lol !! i dont have time but still i will check thank you lady	0
fuck you guys that was so embarrassing	1
you crazy if you pick him over fab .  real life crazy	0
looking at photos in my timehop makes me realize how unhealthy and out of shape i used to be	4
thank you for who you were we all loved my prayers go out to her family #ripchristinagrimmie	1
thank you for who you were we all loved my prayers go out to her family #ripchristinagrimmie	1
super rough	1
dont make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me	0
she so fine . 	0
thank you for the support	0
boah you females outta yall rabbit ass minds	1
want nobody	0
happy birthday nada! miss u  . love u .  enjoy your day	0
lmao thats literally me right now except im in bed with a laptop in my lap	0
a good place for "carbon dating"	0
did youre going ? ! me too! so excited	0
i wont be able to stop laughing the whole movie ,  but okay	0
put that up in her bet she feel it in her toes	0
im at work 2 hours early	1
customs today	2
customs today	5
oh i see you papito chulo	0
so many people are dying allah ya jikan may aljannah firdaus be their final abode .  amen ya	1
there was really cute cashier in shop i dropped by on my way to work .  of course i look like cause ive been packing all morning . 	1
its okay just missed you a little bit but okay	0
fucking joe hart	1
back at it .   .  .  .  .  . monday go away	1
i dont like reciting	0
old hoe ft me jus to see my face & gone hang up bihhhhhh	0
my daddy got a fb now ,  yall gone & add him	0
same thing i said lol they corny tho	0
sent you a message	0
funny how today is the #firstdayofsummer ,  but its been over 100 degrees here in #vegas several days in the past weeks	0
"tell me ,  which did you regret ?  the day we met or the day you left ? "	0
see i would have known if you had replied	0
true he does	0
ooh excellent! have a great trip	0
well ,  hopefully not different from game 5 . 	0
lol and i hate you	0
why no	1
my timeline not about to go up in flames cause yall not tithing in church . 	2
my timeline not about to go up in flames cause yall not tithing in church . 	4
leave it up to isaiah to give the wrong directions	0
tell yo females dont bring no problems  .  .  . 	0
i feel for you ,  hated it too with a bump xx	0
stad in ,  alone	1
i didnt mean that last muhahaha #liesitoldindm	2
we were in cars so i flicked him off	0
please drop this	2
please drop this	5
happy birthday! you are blessed to have the same birthday as ari mbtc	0
happy birthday! you are blessed to have the same birthday as ari mbtc	0
it broke my heart even more knowing she died during a m&g where all she did was make her fans happy #ripchristina #prayfo…	1
hurt over what  ?  please tell me its gone take more then a weak bitch to hurt me	3
hurt over what  ?  please tell me its gone take more then a weak bitch to hurt me	5
you are a natural beauty love you so much	0
colombian guys and those accents omfg	0
hiking rose tomorrow in 100 degree weather will be awful	0
when they dont id you at wine tasting	0
ang emoji na gamit lahat ng team abroad after team real book was released	1
ed is a good girl	0
hair looks so natural	0
walks like a #quack ,  talks like a #quack ,  looks like a #quack but not a duck leader of #swiveleyedracistloons	3
too much #got	5
spending every weekend for the past 2 weekends on the river with you has been great ,  cant wait for next weekend	0
id be fuming .  luckily i noticed before unopened up the box	2
june 24th 2009 ~ earth song rehearsal for the last time #mjforever love you for all 1958-eternally:rose::sunflower::rose::sunflower::rose:#tii htt…	0
i been playing nba my court all day and havent won a single game smh	4
eng vs ice tickets 6 hour journey to nice fuk it .  .  3 lions on a shirt!	5
all i do is sleep its sad	1
all i do is sleep its sad	1
work inna morning time to go to sleep	1
omg youve the force was with u	0
dayton ohio	0
i be so sore it hurt so bad i cant workout i be like fuck it im in pain ill go tomorrow	1
i be so sore it hurt so bad i cant workout i be like fuck it im in pain ill go tomorrow	1
dont think so havent had much communication from except for that our plane is at gatwick	1
85% of yall hoes black too	1
can you send wells my way jojo ?  like hes a cutie and ill take him since you wont #thebachelorette	0
two days until i take my regents	1
fathers day to all my daddies u so much:eggplant::droplet::tongue:luv u	0
fathers day to all my daddies u so much:eggplant::droplet::tongue:luv u	0
i was like mad at bae n shit & now i gotta end the silent treatment because feelz lol .  sick ,  it was too real ya know ? 	1
16- youre beautiful and weve never really been close but if you ever need anything im here	0
you handle your thick hair youll get used to it	0
i need a long massage	1
happy birthday to you both	0
sucks .  kau taknak duduk hostel ka dam if you know what i mean	0
this salad is bomb	0
good morning happy 48th weeksary #aldub11thmonthsary	0
the not so handsome men are so freaky ,  hot & know how to treat women like queens	0
making the same old mistakes	1
boutta just sit back & observe	0
reason i dont go back to kraftangan coz i dont want to face the same kind of "people" again .  plus ,  i dont like the environment	2
reason i dont go back to kraftangan coz i dont want to face the same kind of "people" again .  plus ,  i dont like the environment	4
have a nice weekend to all #trancefamily  ; -)	0
glad im getting paid today	0
oh well #drimacwinter im coming to as casual and chilled as what i can	0
oh well #drimacwinter im coming to as casual and chilled as what i can	0
i really want to notice me #pllchat	1
thank you ,  and i did - ignored & blocked! xx	1
why is that	1
guess not ah niggah really bored af	1
guess not ah niggah really bored af	1
omg we shouldve gone today jk we cant	1
i have no idea what im doing	1
i literally just saw that on instagram	1
aaaaaaaand the ac stopped again	2
aaaaaaaand the ac stopped again	4
it is cute to call someone a "puply" but "son of a bitch" is rude . 	0
sorry idk what else to say besides sending hugs	3
sorry idk what else to say besides sending hugs	5
the more lebron wins the more retarded these takes get	0
what in the world you followed me ytd and you blocked me today no wonder i had one less unfollower	0
ryan does the same thing tbh im the one who takes up the whole bed	0
nearly 200k in front	0
dont go please ? 	1
i miss you so so much when is you due  ? 	1
happy fathers day	0
i definitely didnt know iverson retired in 2013	3
when i apply for a job i be expecting to hear something back the next day	0
just wanna thank you for the recent follow .  its highly appreciated .  nice day and happy tweeting	0
why oomf playing	2
why oomf playing	4
instead of waking up at 3:10am every night like i have been for 5 years i now wake up at half 4 not sure what i prefer	1
see how the pitch resemble motherboard see how its done	3
see how the pitch resemble motherboard see how its done	5
the feeds and the show are almost two different shows with cbs editing	0
bitter sweet kind of morning	1
i love brio lamb chops	0
late night call with you so	0
mexico game is still gonna get to me for a week	1
mexico game is still gonna get to me for a week	5
unnie email sent po pls reply	1
ugh cant stop while watching usually i can make it thru but too close this time .  .  touching episode	1
still dont get how someone can cause all this suffering like he doesnt care about anyone else #prayersfororlando	2
still dont get how someone can cause all this suffering like he doesnt care about anyone else #prayersfororlando	4
thats my dawg but she light skin	0
taking an l right now	4
when te gustan todas . 	0
kim why so gorg #juanhappylovestory	0
kim why so gorg #juanhappylovestory	0
all the time haha	0
first day of school tomorrow . 	1
if anybody got an ass on em its you keeg	0
all i wanna do is sleep and niggas just keep waking me up bout a ticket that aint due til august	2
all i wanna do is sleep and niggas just keep waking me up bout a ticket that aint due til august	4
happy first fathers day .  .  . hope youre having a good	0
happy first fathers day .  .  . hope youre having a good	0
give me that green like dnt you say no	0
talk to ya man when i get ready thats my attitude	0
note that this book is about british queer history so theres no guarantee that britten would be in it ,  but its nice that he is (for me)	0
my boyfriend & yeah her phone took	0
omg me too how has this never graced my life before now!!	5
thank you!!	0
hell nah im still exhausted im chillin for awhile haha whos there tonifh	0
im broke	1
just being able to meet and share my art with you that night was like a mini date already! good luck to everyone!! ht…	0
happy birthday have an amazing day!!	0
i seriously have a spending problem like i can never save my money	2
i seriously have a spending problem like i can never save my money	4
i seriously have a spending problem like i can never save my money	1
hurry	1
sports day moved indoors ,  no spectators .  the grass is too slippery!	5
but out of all the petty i wouldnt trade this girl for anything in the world:victory_hand::globe_showing_europe-africa:even tho it might not b clear all the time	2
but out of all the petty i wouldnt trade this girl for anything in the world:victory_hand::globe_showing_europe-africa:even tho it might not b clear all the time	4
looool ,  youve left me in the dirt	1
how you gonna vote out then be surprised and want to change your vote because you won ? 	0
pray for orlando #orlandolove	1
gotcha	0
i wish i can see what people are typing with they texting me because i know i be saying some foul shit then ill change my mind	0
im like 300% stressed out now	1
starting to regret not working at camp this summer	1
sadly rob i am not!! i had some commitments i could not move around!	1
we just actually making this left ,  until things get back right	0
lol i drop in every now and then and youre mad petty for your avi pic	0
is so lucky ,  watching the goat play . 	1
when you tell you job that the 1st would be the last time that youll be working for them & they start to cry	1
so this is how the whole weeks gonna go	1
its a possibility .  who knows ?  well see . 	0
me and are wishing we would have to help us to get to the front of pit tonight like in columbus	0
noooo they scored	1
too weak to do anything . 	1
thats the goal but i havent even touched a trumpet in over a month! its broken i gotta get the hook up w slbm	1
thats the goal but i havent even touched a trumpet in over a month! its broken i gotta get the hook up w slbm	1
thats the goal but i havent even touched a trumpet in over a month! its broken i gotta get the hook up w slbm	4
cant wait to see bae	0
my dad says " keziah your attitude improved so much " yeah towards you  . 	0
my dad says " keziah your attitude improved so much " yeah towards you  . 	1
theyre so freaking cute #fifthharmony4mmva	1
looking delicious for no reason	1
convo w/my last game tomorrow mom! she asked if i was going ,  "i wish . " then she said ,  trisha will be happy ,  she has never liked	0
going to sleep . 	0
yeah bby hop on that 19 at the corner of elm hill n seaver	1
i just woke up .  im still tired	1
so inspirational	0
read issue 2 of steve captain america & yes the story makes sense .  .  .  .  .  .  and no your internet rants didnt change anything!	0
we stay hype 24/7	0
good night i hope you had a great day today	0
i thought about it & i was like ehhhh fuck it my girls need these retweets! lolol jk	0
this blunts gunna be beautiful	0
im pretty sure my snapchat misses my wake and bake sessions when i told the funniest stories and jokes	0
ouch! damn ,  this is best i have seen . 	0
aww thanks dev im sure we will xxx	0
so good now live #taratata #thanks	0
its leeteuk and suho	4
river lea is so funny even if she make little mistakes shes perfect #adele #adeleatglastonbury #love h…	0
river lea is so funny even if she make little mistakes shes perfect #adele #adeleatglastonbury #love h…	1
lol i told you i listen to everything	0
shoutout to that sherif . 	0
over it	2
over it	4
dont get mad when you see me doing better	0
had nigerian jollof for the first and last time	1
i feel like is my best friend:face_with_tears_of_joy:she just doesnt know it yet	0
you get on my nerves	0
thank you ,  kim	0
i dont understand how desiigner made the xxl freshman list but lucci didnt	3
i dont understand how desiigner made the xxl freshman list but lucci didnt	5
the fact that i have to make myself not act crazy this is what relationships/emotions do to ppl smh	1
you are killing me	0
had another successful night out	0
my check gon be looking nice	0
i better not get attacked by another damn bird	4
its too hot in houston	4
im so jealous and i need one!!! asap	0
dont txt me back at all	0
but if that stunt on me ina stunt back simple as that	0
i think m in love	0
down down baby oh girl i dont wanna float ,  deep sea baby soaking everywhere i go did it again this tape is life	0
everyone is pissing me off	1
so fucking done with people ready to leave	0
well ,  todays the day i find out whether or not i have to take the 2nd alg 2 regents	0
& hi̇ boys! how was your day ?  i hope you are well just take 2 seconds can you follow me ?  x29 , 116	0
woo buddy	0
need to get my black trousers and kickers asap	0
why am i always drinking ?  never again	4
harry	0
you td son	0
every dream ive had since surgery has involved murder	3
every dream ive had since surgery has involved murder	5
omg happy birthday my pretty	1
absolutely tragic events in orlando prayers are with those wounded and the families and friends of those killed #pr…	1
absolutely tragic events in orlando prayers are with those wounded and the families and friends of those killed #pr…	1
watched my ex give up on me like i was average  ,  turned me into a savage	0
oh you already forgot ,  weird ,  im so old but i still remember	0
stop it babe my hearts getting all warm and fuzzy	0
is that what the masks are for ? 	4
hungover to work fuck it	1
my phone poppin	0
callese usted	2
good night ,  meng .  hm .  .  .  ahh .  hehe .  love you .  .  .  always . 	2
good night ,  meng .  hm .  .  .  ahh .  hehe .  love you .  .  .  always . 	5
german spongebob is one of the funniest things ive ever seen	0
thank you!!	0
// ill never forget when you was being childish in logans	0
dammit i knew i forgot something	0
we are & i just did	1
agreed .  i much prefer the movie ,  tbh .  didnt care for the book .  definitely prefer the eye candy of	0
just left the bar grabbing food	1
buuuuut im not trying to get my feelings hurt any more than they already have been  ,  so i dont post him	0
gonna see my buddy later	0
"you guys are like ying and yang"	0
duuude ,  already got caught with four paws in .  .  . not good man ,  not good	3
duuude ,  already got caught with four paws in .  .  . not good man ,  not good	5
my nerves bad	1
happy farthers day to all the good fathers and the man above	0
also i think my favorite bracelet finally broke .  i cant find it and it had a lot of sentimental value . 	1
devastated #england	1
if ya girl got a job and you dont and she take care of you ,  yo betta not mess dat up dats rare . 	0
this episode already #gameofthrones	5
really proud of myself that people love my photography work and that people ask me to take their pictures for so many different occasions	0
it just doesnt seem special now! the augur is putting the moves on both of them	0
so sick of these damn snap filters	4
thank you!!!!	0
right	1
and im late	0
when youre your own bae i feel it	1
when i see his smile  ,  ,  ,  it brightens mine	0
yeses!	0
well ill change it after im not broke . 	0
slide in the dms no one will ever know	0
thank you lexi means a lot love you too then its your turn to be 20	0
thank you lexi means a lot love you too then its your turn to be 20	0
thank you lexi means a lot love you too then its your turn to be 20	0
i guess i still love you too	0
love this	0
yeah thats exactly how i feel!	1
thats so me !! .  . well only play for a short while part anyway  .  .  . 	1
chill	0
hhhhhhhhhh nta shwya w shwya kda	0
hhhhhhhhhh nta shwya w shwya kda	1
what	0
of course babe	0
dominic and pia for the win	0
i see my bm went m . i . a on my me but thats cool because she always know where home is at	0
so early me magising today	0
your avi is so pretty	0
i get on snapchat just to tap thru everybody snaps dont even be watching most of them	0
our relationship is extraordinary .  #baby	0
made me laugh . 	0
and #libtards think they can confiscate every u . s .  citizens guns . 	0
ill never get to see finding dory	2
ill never get to see finding dory	4
hadnt changed it in 2 years	2
hadnt changed it in 2 years	5
take it to the rim and get blocked	3
take it to the rim and get blocked	5
that list is terrible you just said ,  "tim duncan . " what the heck wheres lebron james ,  larry bird ,  bill russell  ? 	0
tbh i aint got beef with nobody if u dont like me thats all u	0
call of duty infinite warfare looks like #e32016	0
the boys are back	1
idk where to get a good one im a beginner	1
disappeared that 12oz steak	0
acabou	1
anything for the love of tenten #enriquegiltrumpetsinasap	0
lmao yeah i feel you cuz at this point i was also over school a few more days left!	0
its just for the best	1
2eme buuuuut #frairl	0
cooking gigs will always be the most exciting thing to do	0
miss your face!!	0
why u look so fat	0
finally fixed my bike im a happy person now	0
my washing machine shat it self did i mention it is full of water and clothes	1
damn ruena thank you!	0
be hot ,  not a snot . 	0
dead	0
good morning aldubnation happy weeksary #aldub11thmonthsary	0
had so much to do today and instead ive spent it bumblin around napping and eating digestives	1
2000s usher is like no other	0
cause you my seed	0
hi stephanie ,  just created the group ,  will be working on it soon ,  pls invite friends & add yourself to it ,  ty	0
i know half of the bitches that act coo w me  ,  talk shit about me thats why i only consider a little bit of people my real talk	0
youre welcome happy #tunatuesday goro , 	0
happy birthday kae!	0
i gotta learn so much nonsense! #anthrocon	0
lol i know right	0
too many cheerleaders in campus #ohfuckno	1
us next time sorry thats what snapchat is for delete us	0
hell no	4
once again believed	1
i feel so complete with writing again .  it was the best therapy and got me through so much and helped so many other people ,  im content . 	0
twitter peeps! need recommendations for dope places to go to in south beach (both day activities and night life)	0
i wish i didnt have to have a job this summer and i could just enjoy it since its my last summer before graduation . 	1
omg really ?  its graduation tho	1
let me crack your back ,  slow it down for a second	0
this would be a good twist ya need to get this to happen lol	0
this would be a good twist ya need to get this to happen lol	0
she was okay .  laughed off the whole thing	0
just editing some pics & catching up on #got… poor hodor	1
lmao not mine	0
omg what if david does a carpool karaoke on james cordon to hell or highwater	0
oh gawd i miss harbour square clubs	0
s and say sosa you wavy	0
rashford shouldve come on time ago man	1
bestfriends whos petty together stays together	0
idk why i wore a sports bra today knowing i needed to clothes shop for a funeral think meriah	2
idk why i wore a sports bra today knowing i needed to clothes shop for a funeral think meriah	4
idk why i wore a sports bra today knowing i needed to clothes shop for a funeral think meriah	1
dejwon otp thinking he can whoop my ass thats cute	0
i spilled soda all over my kitchen floor	0
you ever be so excited to go to sleep cuz youre thinking bout what youre gonna have for breakfast ?  cant wait for these bacon n grits	0
i had to get off and park it run into the street and grab it	0
why is my mom so excited about finding dory coming out	0
he was my exes hero so theyd have to get someone else to officiate	0
#gogglebox is my lyf love it	0
im going to sleep my body feel weak	1
tight hug to all the karanholics on my tl .  because i know how you all are feeling right now! dialog…	1
awesome! always looking out for each other jeep families	0
your avatar stoopid!"	0
your avatar stoopid!"	0
nothing even matters	0
does it really make a difference which alligator it was ?  are there alligators that dont attack humans ?  #disneygat…	3
does it really make a difference which alligator it was ?  are there alligators that dont attack humans ?  #disneygat…	5
got my thortons freeze for 75 cent	0
repeat after "everything gone be alright"	0
ian gone want nobody keeping my baby i just dont trust people . 	1
 .  .  lemme drive yo jeep you kool lol	1
christina	1
many more to come	0
of course	0
any uifi attendees (past or present) that have pics of their experience that theyre willing 2 share ?  email them /lenny for ig #sjufsl	0
cmon now	0
culprit behind every dirty secret of winner members hoon gotta learn after this /but tbh pls dont stop ,  expose more hoon haha	0
omg i love	0
of course	0
you so much era keep irritating me	0
you so much era keep irritating me	2
you so much era keep irritating me	4
niggas be on one its too early . 	0
ill come find you	0
still a baby	3
flossie- "i got a short in my wire" me- "i know you do"	0
i want to study for my test tomorrow but im just very hungry now and i cant focus	1
i really need to make a to do list for the week	1
happy birthday bruh!!! thankyou sa foods lastnight haha godbless!	0
love bbq	0
 . @d_gillette88 i know ,  i just checked his instagram and like all their photos and video together are gone	1
next seasons prem fixtures out on wednesday #awaydays	0
so much love and respect for therese and rex whatever the status .  support parin!	0
i love how i have a group of friends now like i never thought i would find a group of a girls that understand my ways of life	0
my coworker has feelings now	1
my coworker has feelings now	4
im almost mf home ,  thank god	1
i really could just use some ice cream right about now	1
the way people fight over silly things today really makes me question their age .  saw two grown women fighting over light switch last night	1
baby sleep under me	0
why did i agree to 9am church service when we have to leave 45 minutes early	2
diet pepsi is actually so disgusting how can anyone drink that! ? 	4
so then ive to wait for ur tweet on 10th day . 	0
why is pitbull even performing ?  no ones even paying attention to him the crowds chants are overpowering his music	0
its ok you gone see me	0
today is the day ive lost faith in jeff gorton .  .  always wanted to give benefit of the doubt .  .  but not making a single move in the draft .  . 	2
always bruh	0
more blasting at this is what happens when you invite me to your station .  #womanwithamission	0
i need kd and russ to get off real quick so dillon and myron can see wassup	0
welp my food done lets eat	0
coheed and how we should give the dumbest people on twitter	2
coheed and how we should give the dumbest people on twitter	4
i hope he makes you regret your presence so that i can enjoy more	0
it was a cruiser	1
im so glad were acquainted	0
more verification than rolling stone did	0
good morning love! its day 15 dont forget to smile this day take care	0
good morning love! its day 15 dont forget to smile this day take care	0
anything i can do to help ? 	1
im finna send it to u	1
rt - if you stan like - if you stan	0
rt - if you stan like - if you stan	0
we miss you too we will see you in october though and thatll be so much more fun	0
we miss you too we will see you in october though and thatll be so much more fun	1
we are still looking for 4 ub limited tickets	3
we are still looking for 4 ub limited tickets	5
it is great martial & morgan are benched .  everytime theyre on the pitch theyre risking injury	2
it is great martial & morgan are benched .  everytime theyre on the pitch theyre risking injury	5
god is really testing me rn	1
today is not my day .  i hate myself again	1
thank you	0
it feels weird being in school this week knowing im graduating in like 3 days . 	1
happy birthday ,  yanira!!! i hope you have a great day and come down so we can celebrate	2
miss you too!!	0
good cause i did	0
i seen da bum bum naked so i know	0
wohooo may increase baon ko thank you parents	1
smh still at work and the game is on .  .  .  . was gon call it quits earlier but the way my workaholism works	2
smh still at work and the game is on .  .  .  . was gon call it quits earlier but the way my workaholism works	4
realized one of my followers looks like harriette winslow . 	1
thank u wjec for that gorg paper	0
when your gay friend is almost completely convinced that youre lesbian (even tho im not) .  sor i dont actively look for dick . 	2
when your gay friend is almost completely convinced that youre lesbian (even tho im not) .  sor i dont actively look for dick . 	4
this summer is going to be so lit	0
my mama say ,  baby you a winner not a quitter	0
bro pimps get hurt too but im back had a lil moment	0
bro pimps get hurt too but im back had a lil moment	1
we can tell	3
we can tell	5
i have 2 and a half episodes left of oitnb .  .  i really need a life	0
oomf was spotted at the mall yesterday	0
thanks for the follow ,  go broncos!	0
i already know mine cant come no quicker	1
a woman that makes you smile in and out of her presence	0
you cant even come outside	0
why what ?  ?  ? 	1
late night food runs	0
like it!!	0
this is so so so terrible .  my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in #istanbul when will this stop ?  #prayforturkey	1
you can do it just think of how much your gonna slay afterwards	0
dm me baby ilysm te amo	1
exactly 1 month til my bday	0
canadian goose	2
its okay to outgrow certain things / people	0
yeah and okay it needs to hurry up	0
ill buy it sometime soon	0
back to lex	0
cheating for the warriors .  .  .  .  they some hoes honestly	2
burnt tongue because of the hot choco hahaha	0
well all be damn	2
i love dudes with beards	0
i was hoping youd say something like that	0
not watched any yet got a lot of catching up to do	0
not watched any yet got a lot of catching up to do	3
not watched any yet got a lot of catching up to do	5
thanks fathin	0
great line up to redeem yourselves with	0
man i miss soccer so much	1
#dolantwinsnewvideo need to watch dm ilysfm	0
happy birthday gorgeous	0
did you have to kill noah	1
i know who it is	2
realizing i hardly ever smile	0
i cant wait till the day my lock screen is of me and my husband #oneday	0
bitch if you dont call my phone	2
bitch if you dont call my phone	4
ima just get a diary and start putting everything in there you cant tell anyone anything	0
ima just get a diary and start putting everything in there you cant tell anyone anything	1
sooooooo sexy	0
why tf did i get locked out of my snapchat	2
why tf did i get locked out of my snapchat	4
i hate people that do too much	0
who  ?  i wanna come fr text me 8157689422	1
my car so dirty	2
my car so dirty	4
happy birthdayy cachee dont get too turnt tn hit me up on the 416 tomorrow morning for some mcds breakf…	0
in softball they used to say we should imagine the ball ele our exs heads:face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy: .  reithabetse na e otle hakae	0
candy gore yuuuss	0
we broke snapchat	0
i cant handle piercings ,  but i can sit for a tattoo with no problem . 	0
swing low ,  sweet chariot! what a result! 3-0 whitewash against the aussies	0
he be like u to fucking smart i be listening to ya lor stories & shit he has no choice ill talk his head off even if he not listening	0
wish i was off today fml	1
forgot my granola for my parfait	1
smh man .  .  .  .  .  .  smh	1
man i miss you	1
lol ugh knowing me i probably will i mean i only turn 21 once . 	0
lol ugh knowing me i probably will i mean i only turn 21 once . 	0
too many sweets at home	1
to be fair .  niether .  but we all rather support argentina	1
baby you the one	0
internet gangsta i know you a bitch in real life	0
morning couple ~	0
yay! im gonna put it on replay on my music playlist when its uploaded	0
yea it takes skill to cat walk a lawnmower .  and you have mastered that skill . 	0
wow ,  you got some time on your hands ,  dont ya ?  and i just went through 10 of your tweets and none of them got any likes	0
this book can be read all on its own! it isnt #3 in either series just a merging of our worlds	0
could you help me repost this video please ?  especially to the pastors who claim about being a baby christian	0
i bet it was hahah	0
man i hate that i can smell everything	1
umm sorry i was at work & so was my clean booty	0
that makeup setting spray has been wonders bc my makeup still looks pretty good	0
lol i have to go back to work at 3:45 though	1
"but we ight"	0
i thought we were supposed to go to the movies today	1
aaron its been soo long i miss germany days! how are you ? 	0
aaron its been soo long i miss germany days! how are you ? 	0
aaron its been soo long i miss germany days! how are you ? 	0
aaron its been soo long i miss germany days! how are you ? 	1
aaron its been soo long i miss germany days! how are you ? 	3
aaron its been soo long i miss germany days! how are you ? 	5
well thats my last time tryna surprise somebody	1
cant wait to change my life!!! aka cooking and eating habits bahahaha	0
steak & rice	0
late for work everyday	2
late for work everyday	5
that ponytail is servin	0
mistakes happen every single day . 	0
happy sunday harry i hope your day will be great and funny	0
happy sunday harry i hope your day will be great and funny	0
ppl get mad over the littlest shit . 	0
my eyeliner today let me tell ya	0
aint none wrong with being country gotta get you a country boy	0
home & work are the only places i go	1
wassup ? 	0
im just waiting for all that to blow up in his face	0
or plug parliament directly into the wall outlet .  not connected via a shitty old powerbar . 	0
lmao o well at least shell get ice cream in return	0
happy birthday hoe love you	0
send it again my 4g hasnt been working cuz of bad weather	1
viking invasion baton down the hatches	5
why cant i just fall asleep easily	1
i love how active my day was today  ,  but boy am i tired	1
good luck #londonwreck1665 team for last day of trench backfilling #sorrynotwithyou	0
sorry i missed ur call i was in my pool ,  u can call me now 1800 320 9572 ex 16	0
we dress alike in sht but not speaking to each other	1
when you have an awful day & youve been waiting forever for somebody to ask and someone finally says "do you need a hug"	1
ily guys	1
im so full i dont wanna move	1
no probs!	0
at first i hated it .  but it grew on me .  now i love it . 	0
drake for free is my shit	1
he living life like a boss clearly	0
the irony of reading all this wada/russia stuff while a drug testing lady has been in my house since half 8 and still here	0
l was saying it was them lol such a hater	0
tony ,  mesh bas jame3it chtura ,  ana mn baalback	0
#growingupwtihmyname "is that really how you spell it ?  theres no a or e ? " "nope ,  no a no e" -brittny	1
love you	0
forests hill drive live x j . cole	0
i dont like will forever crank idc what anybody says	4
omg i barely saw my all american and i cant stop crying	1
you are killin me with this overwatch talk .  want it but blizz complained about my os not being sp1 with the beta .  it is sp1	1
round 4 .  end of .  thats my prediction	0
lol yea shes annoying	1
skrillex and marshmello played a b2b in vegas last night and brought out ookay ,  jauz ,  and excision .  .  thats fucking wild	1
life is too short man	1
lmao i never see someone so proud because they are famous by doing something bad ,  until i saw her .  .  . 	0
dolls #wynonnaearp #renewwynonnaearp	3
dolls #wynonnaearp #renewwynonnaearp	5
dude swear me and homeboy was creepin through lil mexico over by i-10 and i was like is that jennifers kid ? !…	0
dude swear me and homeboy was creepin through lil mexico over by i-10 and i was like is that jennifers kid ? !…	1
always be my maybe	0
i remember when ds2 dropped bih wasnt nobody mo happy then me	0
about to go swimming	0
long titty no nipple havin ass bitch! probably one of my favorite kevin hart skits besides the deerbra skit . 	0
finally getting my hair retwisted .  .  .  its been toooo long	0
why arent any of the pools open today wtf	1
im never sitting in front in a taxi ye r9 . 50 ahh	1
ill lay down with you if youre stuck	0
oh my gosh im dead	0
pool then to the gym	0
guess im corny	1
fuck im still hungry!	2
fuck im still hungry!	4
later i go find you	0
rushdi gives zain his fathers day gift this morning and promptly opens the biscuits .  like father ,  like son	2
rushdi gives zain his fathers day gift this morning and promptly opens the biscuits .  like father ,  like son	4
i hate these new freshman in the band group chat !!!!!!	2
no one asked u nerdo	4
just get high off our own supply .  im addicted to your chocolate high	0
dont think ill ever understand why people post continuous videos on snapchat of the movie they are watching in a theater	1
listening to music  . 	0
now you see me 2 shallows next is purge	3
now you see me 2 shallows next is purge	5
something like that	0
i hate missing people	1
i had ikan talapia (only half of it) & now allergy hits me	1
sorry brother	0
ihave the best godparents ever . 	0
i love you	0
looking at apartments in portland and i really wanna rent one instead of dorming but so expensive	1
fucking irritated	2
this traffic nasty	1
permitted	0
the cut wont be straight watch real question though do you use a razor or electric ? 	1
dont have no motivation to get up for work or nothing i just wanna lay here	1
so tired of being lied to .  . 	2
so tired of being lied to .  . 	4
im talking all game	0
if ur show ur support	0
if ur show ur support	0
if ur show ur support	1
first one is "scarier"	0
red string ? 	0
well if we draw portugal count it as out on penalties #england	0
#heartbreakswhen when exam centre nazimabad ,  gulshan ,  dha jese centres m lge	1
totally forgot about fathers day .  guess that shows where me and my father stand	2
totally forgot about fathers day .  guess that shows where me and my father stand	5
lit just clicked they growin back	0
im gonna do 57s for this bill as you pointed out i have it to loose	0
im gonna do 57s for this bill as you pointed out i have it to loose	0
no way is christina grimmie actually dead .  .  .  #ripchristina	1
im too ignorant 20 .  the police department in your town said youre allowed to commit one crime .  what crime will you commit ? 	0
hope your surgery went well see ya when you get home	0
mommy shopping for me in philadelphia	0
your such a desperate person	0
aww .  still ,  ill make sure itll be yes .  i hope so .  well ,  see ya later . 	0
aww .  still ,  ill make sure itll be yes .  i hope so .  well ,  see ya later . 	1
welcome home brother !!!	0
all my socks have holes in them	1
liked ,  shared ,  tagged on fb ,  also already like both the candy folk & follow u! what more does a mortal need to do to win bb8 ? 	0
saturday	2
they wont even serve white wine in red wine glasses here in europe ,  coke pa kaya ?  #aldubyoujuly	0
hate depending on people	2
we r the best & treats r a good place to start to win our affection followed by butt scratches	0
we r the best & treats r a good place to start to win our affection followed by butt scratches	0
dm me	0
you are beautiful and capable of anything .  dont let anyone tell you otherwise .  keep a positive mind and smile everyday!	0
i get to pull a double on the fourth	1
"best way to your nanays heart is through her stomach" hmmmm	0
way to rub it in my face	1
a man advertised that hes gunna spend 350ms on the nhs .  won his campaign .  .  and then said nah thats not the move if you…	0
im on dm limit for 12 more hours	4
youre a real friend of our football team	0
when your mom post an insta with your sister and says mommy daughter time and you werent even invited we see where i stand in the fam	1
i needs that shirt	0
lmao! oh i know she showed me all excited . 	0
good night dancing and getting a sweaty nose	0
this is some b . s!	1
they hard to an extent rs you cant bump them niggas for a hour straight	0
ahhhhhhh nights go waaayyyyy to quickly	1
lmfao	0
bruh mexico got destroyed 7-0 ,  messi retiring ,  and spain about to lose .  every team i support is making me sad	1
i miss doogie	1
girl yes !!! like how we know then	2
girl yes !!! like how we know then	4
official tagline for tonight is till i met you jadine	0
typical teenager/early adulthood!!	0
the back of lebrons neck	4
goodnight	2
goodnight	4
you took it so seriously but your humming skills are on point	0
"i hope that i could turn back the time to make it all alright ,  all alright for us .  . "	1
u did i honestly cyah remember  .   .   . 	3
mmm see ya	0
u got no chance ,  gonna have to get youre purse out kid	0
got cha thanks boo	0
bish whet	0
dont even know why i bother with twitter or any social media at this time of year ,  football galore	2
dont even know why i bother with twitter or any social media at this time of year ,  football galore	4
hemoroidy	0
feel good tonight but amen for letting me fight for another day  .  we graduate everyday but i got church in the morning	0
thank you! escape with my paintings to the beach with the sun on your face	0
yo drank all my drink  . 	1
got my nails dont yesterday & my pinky popped off already	1
what a dream .  felt so real .  dark ,  alone ,  cant find the way out ,  suffocating and so vulnerable . 	1
wheres my babe	1
my tummy has a stan	1
dif eq and cmst .  focusing on dif eq but its not as bad as calc 2 so im chilling . 	0
i always see so many people i know whenever im at legends	0
if you would use your glove ,  it wouldnt hurt	0
i hate it boo	1
you have me so be grateful bitch	0
just casually remembered all the times ive blacked out at old apartment vegas kids know how to pool party	0
well ,  its safe to say that looks pretty darn good in a kilt .  peak scottish achieved . 	0
my grandpa got my car detailed & filled my tank	0
just ready to get my happiness back  . 	1
catch your sub and move on	0
so the university of michigan is about be sponsored by jordan both basketball and football you know what thats about to do for recruiting	3
so the university of michigan is about be sponsored by jordan both basketball and football you know what thats about to do for recruiting	5
omg go to fishermans wharf!	0
girl them days was just like last week .  get out yo feelings	0
love that my best friends mom likes to cook for me	0
happy birthday my hunni enjoy your hols xxx	0
youre a queen in your own way (ya get it ,  ya get it ?  but you literally slayed the look and aww ,  tbh youre the sweetest	0
youre a queen in your own way (ya get it ,  ya get it ?  but you literally slayed the look and aww ,  tbh youre the sweetest	0
you know how i get and i miss you more	1
you know how i get and i miss you more	1
happy birthday	0
felt so good to stay in lastnight and its gonna feel even better staying in tonight #bum	0
was to post but i thought  .  .  naa  .  .  but i see im not alone	0
when you cant stop thinking about your baby	1
divided we fall .  united we stand . 	0
when he looks back	0
dis chicken & broccoli hitting right now	0
i used to have one but got sick of twitter but im back again	0
lol this would only happen to me	1
bills bills bills and more bills everything hitting me at one time	1
i always remind my parents that i want to go to the coldplay concert	1
i didnt prepare anything .  .  .  .  .  i think im just gonna greet them ,  leave some message then go to sleep coz i have classes at 8am tomorrow	1
lindoo	0
i miss my bestfriend	1
youre pretty af and im trying to slay	2
you smokin dick if yu think imma chase you ion need you niggas or bitches fuck outta here	0
you smokin dick if yu think imma chase you ion need you niggas or bitches fuck outta here	1
i was at swim too	0
my brother better be good or i swear to god ima lose my mind	1
the ios lets you send nudes in a cool way	0
#stripmarvelmola #stripmarvelmola #stripmarvelmola (i love you)	0
was tired like 2 hours ago and decided to make food and now i cant sleep	1
hey its my birthday itd mean the whole world to me if you spend a few seconds to follow me love u so much zking	0
hey its my birthday itd mean the whole world to me if you spend a few seconds to follow me love u so much zking	0
thats more like it	0
ffs riley ,  ill get you to cave into its genius eventually	0
the assist	1
aubra frying fish ,  kids playing ,  good news at work .  .  .  lol ,  today was a good day	0
happy birthday!!	0
belly	0
it was very blasé to start ,  too many fake wannabes .  .  .  .  glad #bbmarco has gone ,  right choice!!!! lets enjoy the show	0
exactly cn neva b ready , #saddahaq not sinking:tired_face:esa lag raha ha fri ko firse htt…	1
exactly cn neva b ready , #saddahaq not sinking:tired_face:esa lag raha ha fri ko firse htt…	1
it reads almost like "zonda icons" they could suite your designs very well	0
aw little boy dexter	1
thanks karen xx	0
i swear you better watch your throat when i see you	0
hopefully	0
really dont feel like going to work	1
hey tay its my birthday today ,  im 16 so wish me an happy birthday my love and refollow me ?  love you sunshine x8	0
that movie is fye! watching 13 hours	0
never ever felt this poorly in my whole life	1
back to work today . 	1
just seen rick ross outside of my job .  .  .  too bad im not ever star struck . 	1
bowling sounds good rn	0
talking to my mannnnn	0
lmaoo i just took so many ls from that vid thank you tho ,  ily	0
lmaoo i just took so many ls from that vid thank you tho ,  ily	0
happy birthday #freethenipple	0
smile theres a lot of things you need to be thankful for	0
smile theres a lot of things you need to be thankful for	0
the shallows was so good	0
like im so shallow i have to learn to value life more	1
im in love with water	1
this really going to be my first time eating today	1
i drunk to much liq lastnight	0
wow! i was here way before the red lipstick and the football thing and your were amazing already .  wasnt this about confessions ? 	0
feck off	0
wish i was still super healthy and motivated  ,  all i want to do now is sleep	1
you know i will	0
i can dig it .  .  . 	0
my bestfriend doesnt love me anymore	1
whats on the menu tonight ?  me-n-u  .  .  . im so lame	0
cant find any links to summer vs sasha from this weeks superstars episode unless they are either half screen or 240 quality	2
i can .  but the question is when are you ever sober ?  when you wake up .  thats the only time . 	0
babygirl ya avi	0
babygirl ya avi	1
babygirl ya avi	1
i miss family	1
- hey boo ! i miss you	0
i can never sleep!!	1
why i still got these shades on  ? 	0
all downhill after italia 90	2
all downhill after italia 90	5
my make up looks so nice ,  i dont wanna wash it off	1
foul trouble	0
imagine .  blag accounts and all	0
that thing called tadhana	1
dont do that	2
dont do that	4
hey tay i lost my main acc where you followed me so can you refollow me ?  love you more than anything sunshine x113	0
i accidentally chose the wrong color to dye my hair and now its black	1
i hate being single .  i want a boyfriend . 	1
#morningjoe we protect our children from #pedophiles #molesters #rapist & #terrorist to that list .  engage in raising your children . 	0
when are we gonna spend ? 	0
really wanna go swimming today	0
9 hours travel ahead	1
9 hours travel ahead	5
yeah yeah	0
i just wanna drink	2
i just wanna drink	4
theres 2 things and i do not do .  . thats sleep with women and hike . 	0
forgot how much i loved hearing "theres my girl"	0
i think the pain meds ive been on are making me sleepwalk cause i keep doing shit at night and i have no memory of it the next day	4
/ dont even think you remember me from 6th grade you glowed up themats for sure	0
/ dont even think you remember me from 6th grade you glowed up themats for sure	0
/ dont even think you remember me from 6th grade you glowed up themats for sure	0
just the kind of things you would say to him youre mrs_kimsunggyu	0
just the kind of things you would say to him youre mrs_kimsunggyu	3
just the kind of things you would say to him youre mrs_kimsunggyu	5
good morning	0
i love hanna & caleb	1
#sharkweek2016 has begun	2
aww sky	1
2 weeks to go	0
no more messi at international stage	1
shall be a great weekend	0
im clingy & idc	0
mexican and italian familys combining = so .  many .  people . 	1
i was happy for 2 . 5 seconds then the wwe account tweeted who it was .  .  .  damnit . 	1
im sad rn	1
today was definitely not a good day	1
i need to because i miss you more! i should have a lot more free time once i get back from florida	0
happy 25th birthday you tol lanky bean!	0
i dont want that dirty neck boy .  .  thats all you	0
exactly! when they get caught ,  i aint saying free nobodu	0
thank you star	0
basketball stay havin my feet hurtin ,  flat foot life	0
my throat hurtzzs	1
i got sent home 2 hours early	0
its so hot in this house .  im gonna take a cold shower . 	1
our next event is june 12th at 3pm at ! in aid of sneinton cats #cakenotts #doughnotts	0
my wisdom tooth coming in & i cant do shit about it	1
nothing bored asl wyd	1
u guys are so sweet	1
so shitty	0
wish i could blaze with you girlies .  .  one day ,  hopefully	0
shit gotta be a joke ,  folks couldve kept that shit	2
shit gotta be a joke ,  folks couldve kept that shit	4
im mad .  fuck douglas funnie	0
i cant drive n without im blind	1
i cant drive n without im blind	1
i cant drive n without im blind	4
greyson ,  till we meet again	0
tonight!! actually cant wait!!!!!	2
right ,  e:d ,  especially exploration ,  surely isn’t everyone’s choice – people either love it or loathe it . 	0
ive been waking up at 7 and 8 am recently .  .  .  . who .  .  . am .  . i ? 	3
ive been waking up at 7 and 8 am recently .  .  .  . who .  .  . am .  . i ? 	5
she is such a dime	0
my hair smells so good after that was	1
my poor baby ochoa	1
youre a true gentleman ,  jack .  i hope you know that . 	0
now i want to sew one! might be my train ride sorted	0
wtf ! are you drunk  ? 	0
vish	1
this nigga kyrie handles is ridiculous	0
my relations	0
to me ,  corona taste like church wine	0
very much so	0
drake ruins songs with future even if its drakes song	1
yea it just depends	0
i legitimately have gum or dip in my mouth at all times	0
cant wait for my in person orientation tho #ucf	0
but my hair is currently stink as hell !	1
apparently were missing out	0
thank you	0
these vines killing me	1
i love spoiling myself	0
hots	0
after a sad weekend i still dont know how to transition from orlando tragedy to porn subjects	1
im so hungry rn	1
see what you did there	0
darmian . 	0
michael jackson #mjforever	0
but i can feel that were getting close ?  i hope so i wish u could be active too sometimes so we could talk at the gc!! ily	0
but i can feel that were getting close ?  i hope so i wish u could be active too sometimes so we could talk at the gc!! ily	0
did mama dee say a "commurnty"  ?  tf is that	1
definitely needed this weekend	0
"having late breakfast ,  wasnt able to jog earlier bcoz of my bed .  so now ,  for a dose of #salesstrategy .  .  . " developed usp = your brand	0
emmas tattoo of her name with angel wings at the side on top of her back .  .  .  tacky #loveisland	4
wont see another nigga shine like me baby girl and yk	0
the irony in scotland wanting to leave uk .  its the same reason the uk wanted to leave the eu	0
time got away from me #betterlucktonight .  .  .  . #maybe	0
time got away from me #betterlucktonight .  .  .  . #maybe	0
im sorry guys and girls but there wont be a new video today .  be ready for a new vlog on wednesday though . 	0
i know right like it really hit me i feel really bad  . 	1
both of those are amazing	0
i wish every thing was as easy as getting fat . 	1
on god especially after she done came bout 3 times	1
gonna lay on the couch and watch reba all day	0
bet you fine . 	0
between all of my co workers i got 5 bottles of wine plus some mini bottles	0
oitnb on netflix	0
aww cmon!	0
duh .  yall be on here lying	0
villa is so mean omg	1
yes im done with you man but girl let me tell you	0
wish me a happy birthday yousif it would mean a lot to me	0
das a dragon	5
really dont wanna go home	1
glad to see kobe retired so he could become the next new commercial star	0
if the warriors lose .  im blaming varejao .  joke though #nbafinals	0
its just for the cupcake hangover	0
seriously have to get out the house dude	1
working 12-6 tonight  .  5 hours aint bad	0
omg youre so sweet!!	1
i had him on mute this whole time  . 	0
what if i tell you i have feelings for you ? 	1
i’ve not got anything in my calendar on that day	0
happy birthday!	0
to com fome	1
awww alfie!! #thevoiceau #teamdelta	0
i am ridiculously tired and i have 4 more hours at work	1
lol thats what i had it was good though	1
just said youve got better things to do and youre still quoting me	1
you should come over and curl my hair	0
i feel high	1
my pussy cat look handsome	0
hopefully this gr 12 course next year pays off	1
creasing me these english tweets	0
its gotten to a point where i now have to sleep with clothes on ,  winter has robbed me of my freedom!	1
im not been complaining about data i cant get rid off .  im here defending bae	0
she was like i sell crack ,  molly , coke and xanax	1
hey babyyy you know we be on the same page !	0
im good wbu i miss u	1
such a brilliant day and night at #bml16 we have such a great blogging community in this country! the brands are very lucky we are here	0
hes too damn perfect	1
ya maybe u can smell which one has the most money and then date them for it	0
- not holding my hand - chocolate - choir - v nice lips - v nice skin	0
i love you more	0
homie was buying a piece for his girl thats dope	0
just won my accumulator! first ever bet as well	0
its your decision *makes decision for	0
will do! continue to do amazing work	0
ah wonderful	0
sum were but some were 30 still doing the same shit we were just talking about	0
thank you	0
i can eat haitian food jamaican food and american food all dayyyyyyyyy	0
i can eat haitian food jamaican food and american food all dayyyyyyyyy	1
on attend	0
i miss this day sm	0
you know that you make your own mind up ,  you knew what it was when you signed up	0
debating on whether you should cut your hair or not is the hardest thing	1
any words for anushaktinagar  ?  its been a long time since you last came please come soon	0
i have such a busy week ahead of me idk if ill even get to watch it till i have my surgery	1
the other girl probably wouldve whooped your rump anyway . 	0
they won by mistake	1
im so beat	1
i just wanna cuddle up n get my booty rubbed on	1
*in lol let me hurry up and spell check	0
and happy birthday to my second big brother!!!!	0
resigning i hope	0
wth i am an	0
just had a stressful 40min at hri .  mentioned had pain in right calf for couple wks and rushed to ultrasound for suspected dvt #falsealarm	3
just had a stressful 40min at hri .  mentioned had pain in right calf for couple wks and rushed to ultrasound for suspected dvt #falsealarm	5
jayce bout to drive me crazy in the nail salon	1
thanks so much for your input john! i’ll check out the books and add them to my list .  will update my notes soon . 	0
and i aint fucking with nobody	0
waddddddduuuupppppp chu getting into today ? 	0
i dont with anyone bc i get irritated so easy	4
yall gotta stop playing with people feelings lol thats some fucked up stuff	0
finally a busy weekend at work and im sick	2
hey how are you ?  miss you big time . 	0
same but never say never right  ? 	1
theyre lying	1
ahh what if they hate each other for being cute and teasing the other they always end up fighting and biting	3
ahh what if they hate each other for being cute and teasing the other they always end up fighting and biting	5
ahh what if they hate each other for being cute and teasing the other they always end up fighting and biting	3
yeah but thats not what i call it its mean what i call it	1
i was taking a nice peaceful shower until i saw a fucking bug on my loofah that didnt wanna leave & idk if it was a spider or ladybug	1
because im an honest potato .  hahaha! i really follow a lot of fansites/fanartists but really a few ahgase .  its because  .   . 	0
because im an honest potato .  hahaha! i really follow a lot of fansites/fanartists but really a few ahgase .  its because  .   . 	0
he really is ,  isnt he ?  little bastard turned me into a cat person . 	2
he really is ,  isnt he ?  little bastard turned me into a cat person . 	4
oh my god oh the good old days where all we ever really did was watch cheer videos and harry potter	0
thanks pretty	0
life is fucking awesome . 	0
bonus work so im treating myself	0
im tired of varejao floppin ass	4
sticking to the g code fck these stank hoes	4
today is my niece birthday shes already 3! ?  growing wayyy too fast for me	1
dis is witchcraft .  burn at the stake you foul beast	5
i really dont wanna be on customer support today but then again i do	0
i really dont wanna be on customer support today but then again i do	1
i will miss randhir singh shekhawat the he is v close to my heart! cant even express in #saddahaqforever	0
#findingdory was so good . 	1
& i know theres no replacing what we had going on ,  for so long	0
haan crap ppl overacting ki dukan hai i want some ishra saga no more for majboori or ruhi ke liye i wnt to c only ishra ke liye	0
dam ive always been fucking up	2
dam ive always been fucking up	4
awwww hunni im sorry .  yeah i understand the feeling . 	1
got bills to pay homie	0
we all know who would win tho the silver stang	0
we all know who would win tho the silver stang	0
only a couple weeks now till i see the lads - charlie	0
totally gubbed from work today #busybusy	3
totally gubbed from work today #busybusy	5
nah i had to order it tho	0
i cant sleep	1
when van gon stop ? 	0
lol true	0
ok i dont mean to alarm you but they are two of my favorite things too!	3
see you later little babies	0
i know same ,  this is so nice but it breaks my heart too	0
eat till you pass out day	1
yep lets lets!! hahahahaha omg i really didnt expect well be meeting really soon!	0
work is the last place i want to be right now	1
bloodmagic	1
great	0
this is unacceptable	4
just chill out listen to music	0
i came by yesterday and no one was home yall two love birds been all over	1
but then at the same time i like to be independent	0
hyping myself up for no reason .  tbh	2
hyping myself up for no reason .  tbh	4
its better to wait than to regret	0
#np deep sensation 05 mixed by	0
well lets just say that if my phone had no zoom ,  the subject would have looked much much smaller	5
 ;  make me this daddy ? 	0
my second toe is in the most pain	1
#oitnb really messed me up with the ending i was not ready for that at all	1
#oitnb really messed me up with the ending i was not ready for that at all	5
bro firework or gunshot what is it cerritos	1
happyyy birthday sarah hope u had a lovely day wish u all the best and take care .  hugs xxx	0
happyyy birthday sarah hope u had a lovely day wish u all the best and take care .  hugs xxx	0
awww thats good then hun! hope you can escape soon then sweetie ?  x	0
he scared the heck outta me .  ill get the gas on my way to work .  ill definitely wait . 	0
sleeping all day tomorrow	1
ik i said bc everyone is having a potato in their username but they dont look like a potato man ur the shit	0
aight let mr .  kibbles run up on me and ima kick the shit outta him	0
u both are jealous of me	5
ohh zara ,  shut up  .  . was waiting for her to drop "but im miss gb" #loveisland	0
ohh zara ,  shut up  .  . was waiting for her to drop "but im miss gb" #loveisland	1
thank you	0
you see yo man tryna go in	0
nvm calum made it better	0
cant wait to see my babe tonight	0
my keurig will be here by friday! you know what else is friday ? 	2
my keurig will be here by friday! you know what else is friday ? 	0
thank you medyo seatmate!!! hahahha god bless!!	0
100% agree .  !	0
funniest tweet ever because sony won ages ago	0
funniest tweet ever because sony won ages ago	0
youre welcome	0
because the def teams that make it are usually the best defense in the league exceptions arnt the rule . 	0
rub me down wit that lotion babe oil me	1
why that face ? 	0
like bleaching their hair .  that shit hurts like nothin else	1
had to shut kandra up real quick	0
makeup cant change everything ya know ?  but wait ,  youre wearing coloured contacts right .  .  . 	0
hi ! i have an obsession with m . o . m im so proud to see you grown ,  all i want is your follow i love you x2737	0
swear my smiles getting bigger the longer this game goes on #engisl	0
ignored	2
ignored	4
i come home every damn day to my mail already opened .  .  but just 25 more days of this bs	2
i come home every damn day to my mail already opened .  .  but just 25 more days of this bs	4
lol what about my name  ? 	0
baby girl stop putting on a show	0
thanks so much! i appreciate it!	0
cant stand breyawnugh	1
i guess im chopped liver now	4
im now reading the house on cold hill by peter james .  .  . 	5
done for today . 	1
screenshots never fear me ik wtf i said & didnt say  . 	0
nigga not me	2
nigga not me	4
someone special	0
im so ready for saturday	2
im ready to go home to my girlfriend	1
no prob	0
guys i passed drivers ed	0
aww forgot my weed	1
so i just watched a m&g video of a girl meeting and im crying i want to meet them so bad	1
no but really on july 1st im going on my diet and whatnot so i can look great for labor day weekend	0
always buying food	0
ok but how can one person make you so happy  ? ¿	1
all you ma	0
i think if you directed your question towards the appropriate organisation they might be able to help you!	0
i cried when i facetime nijah	1
like i was saying	0
my mama swear she know me  . 	0
nobody care for that stupid shit	0
just wanna get out of the skook atleast once this summer	0
im craving a mango snapple right now	1
i"ll check tomorrow m8	0
god bc is beautiful	0
if you really dropping albums like a pill then where chapter x at	1
well call me the number one quitter then	0
might just have to throw down on some nuggets during my break  .  .  .  even tho i shouldnt	1
nah ima changed person iane fight no more unless i have to	0
thank you	0
im less stressed about having to take care of it forever	0
someone hang out with meee	1
baby yu a blessing in my eyes	0
ur so hot	0
wish i could get a text back	0
waiting for new #insignia ,  should i wait until next year ? 	0
serial fucker	3
tell me susan and sarah arent dead please	1
why does life have to revolve around money ?  i just want to do something im passionate about but i cant take a $12 , 000 pay cut	4
why does life have to revolve around money ?  i just want to do something im passionate about but i cant take a $12 , 000 pay cut	1
around this time of night i be wishing i was caked up dawg  . 	1
donatello	0
somebody just sent me a picture of the most curved dick i called like who is this he like you called me im like you sent a picture	0
somebody just sent me a picture of the most curved dick i called like who is this he like you called me im like you sent a picture	1
today our first team netball girls traveled to chiredzi for the annual swift netball tournament .  we wish them all the best	0
happy birthday god bless you mbtc	0
hes the one lah	0
im ready for the #lifetime #saturday night movie #centerstageonpointe	0
me too and thank you	0
it wasnt the reviews that put me off ,  the trailer did the job of that!	0
no im not	0
a cute pug	1
is there any way you can post the video of the counselor reunion	1
i swear this being single shit is getting old	2
i swear this being single shit is getting old	4
lets be positive so we can see each other	0
forget about samba!!!	2
forget about samba!!!	5
although the phone things does get to me .  .  .  .  .  . it makes me	1
this would be my hubbys #dadstoppicks #fishing #sweepstakes	0
when you going to sleep single & not worrying about nobody out cheating on you gone sleep so good tonight	0
 ,  i aint even wanna beat bro like that	0
ion fw nobody nomore just stay in the house all day  .  you bitches to much  ,  so i stay to myself	0
ion fw nobody nomore just stay in the house all day  .  you bitches to much  ,  so i stay to myself	0
go for it i know what he told me and its all ironic how hes toying with your emotions	0
i tryna touch oomf soul	2
morning jeong	0
hahah its okay i was just stalking you	0
i really want someone to teach me how to french plait	1
for the god! carters for the carter throne	1
shit!!!! im drunk	0
 ,  that gotta hold of me  .  let me baby let me baby can i hit it baby  . 	0
 ,  that gotta hold of me  .  let me baby let me baby can i hit it baby  . 	1
my stomach on e	1
that one is a major yikesss	0
not ready for thrones to end for another year	1
not ready for thrones to end for another year	5
holy shit! #gameofthrones	5
babe asked if he could come see me but i aint even home currently sad . 	1
s/o to the guy at athens grill for the free tzatziki sauce	0
my parents piss me off	4
sounds great ,  thanks	0
sorry ,  i will be closed on canada day .  open on saturday	0
pretty but we dont talk much	0
oh noooo	0
why am i settling for this ? 	0
stalk pa kaya queenly ?  ?  ? 	1
im too goofy lemme go work on this mandela piece	0
i slicked my edges back and had on a little highlighter for nothing	1
that shits gonna be hard but my uncle told me to do cross fit	0
that shits gonna be hard but my uncle told me to do cross fit	0
i think old head had those curry 2s on	0
sitting outside ,  sweating my ass off before work .  just what i wanted to do .  . 	1
i hate public restrooms with big ass gaps between the door .  like you be looking at someone looking at you .  .  .  move aroundddd	1
life is way too short so ,  be sure to live it to the fullest	0
sorry for everyone that txts me  ,  i dont know how to reply	1
#metoo vevo is almost 100mil hits-over 1 . 5mil ppl watched ur ass today , dunno how u do it , so prouda u	2
#metoo vevo is almost 100mil hits-over 1 . 5mil ppl watched ur ass today , dunno how u do it , so prouda u	5
no jinki and onew for sm station this time	2
my boy needs to buy me food	1
i feel like leo with an oscar	0
complete for whom ?  not	0
how have i got heat rash	1
got to be up at 5am gotta get used to this	1
yea dont try it i ordered pizza	0
stop me back u #فريق_العيله_والدعم_مستمر	0
i was hoping youd get a laugh out of it! congratulations again!	0
i was hoping youd get a laugh out of it! congratulations again!	0
cant wait for monday when we end up out of europe for the 2nd time in a week	0
glad you love it mickey just found the collage it was from	0
being able to cite world cup stats like a pro .  #growinguphispanic	0
i wish they released it	4
he has white hair with wolf ears but he doesnt have a tail .  daddy af	0
he has white hair with wolf ears but he doesnt have a tail .  daddy af	0
i should be with right now but my parents are rude	1
i took a 4 hour nap earlier .  im wide awake	0
i just cant believe my bf is already 18 , 5 years old today and i will be 20 in 1 day and 3 months .  .  #birthdays	3
the best relationship is when you start out as friend zone then become bf/gf later get married	1
my aunt got me in this hospital once again	1
no need to poll your rts will tell everything	0
no need to poll your rts will tell everything	0
loool he really does if he thinks independence comes from being fatherless	2
loool he really does if he thinks independence comes from being fatherless	4
prince being real fake not speakin to me	1
whenever i tell ya imma call u back i never do	0
waiting for that one	0
been driving for 3 years and ive just ran over my first animal	1
if you dont genuinely fwm  ,  i notice . 	0
dont think i dont notice your jealousy towards me	0
no thank you!	0
i find this creepy to look at	0
a "sauce"	0
not too bad , 	0
thank you i appreciate it	0
ugh this boy takes forever in the showwwwwer	2
ugh this boy takes forever in the showwwwwer	4
im so mad that i cant find my wallet	2
love u go! no pain no gain sis! go hard baby	0
when kai be sleeping i be so bored	1
ill be that female that youll forever regret losing	0
ill always be in awe of how much im in love with my boyfriend	0
nevvvaaaa seeing you again	0
lol ok ,  i believe you .  get these hands if you dont & some other stuff along with it too	0
lol ok ,  i believe you .  get these hands if you dont & some other stuff along with it too	0
ik mfs be getting mad at me every time i fall asleep i text them back late asff	0
ik mfs be getting mad at me every time i fall asleep i text them back late asff	1
omg .  .  .  on that note im out	0
omg .  .  .  on that note im out	3
omg .  .  .  on that note im out	5
pregnant and still doing better than you #masterscoming	0
you know i still got you	0
on another note ,  i still need to buy my tickets for the 7/27 tour . 	2
on another note ,  i still need to buy my tickets for the 7/27 tour . 	5
thats my first time ever hearing that song	0
tre said talley look like tupac happy birthday pac ,  still waiting on your return	0
tre said talley look like tupac happy birthday pac ,  still waiting on your return	0
its just that this damn heat tho ugh	1
if im not listen to partynextdoor im listening to tory lanez	0
tf they got me outside for  ? 	2
tf they got me outside for  ? 	4
i just miss my jailbird	1
he need to let us live	2
he need to let us live	4
thanks miss u	0
like i could wait for that #wentworthismylife #queenbea	0
no excuses show ended 9hrs ago!! real fans would find a way	0
im def having a summer just like the sandlot	1
downloaded new music	0
omg stop	0
ah i cant wait	0
how to tell her(mom) about this ? 	0
happy birthday babeee!! miss you so much . 	0
so tired of ppl who say they are there for you but really aint just want to know about your business	2
so tired of ppl who say they are there for you but really aint just want to know about your business	4
follow back niggaaa lol	2
follow back niggaaa lol	4
can by it on the website society6	0
can by it on the website society6	0
what!! but its going to be so nice there have so much	0
what!! but its going to be so nice there have so much	1
anything is better than dominos	4
just woke up	3
just woke up	5
in a good mood i cleaned up half the whole house and now i wanna quit	1
thanks peeb!	0
the devil will drown you if you let him	2
id join you lad but i dont get back from lanzarote until like 11 that night	1
its crazy how niggas snitch on you	0
same but with my eyebrows	1
if only 2 days more who asked fr these silly tracks i wonder #surjoy messes it up more	0
work ,  tennis ,  homework ,  dinner ,  sleep .  best thing is ,  i get to do all of this with lol	2
work ,  tennis ,  homework ,  dinner ,  sleep .  best thing is ,  i get to do all of this with lol	0
this is why were friends	0
so beautiful	0
he should just get in the chopper & drink them both! #gruner #riesling	0
draxler devilish with the ball	3
draxler devilish with the ball	5
ohhh!! i havent watched	0
good morning	0
true you still applause me tho	0
true you still applause me tho	0
walking down the hallway and almost stepped in blood .  .  .  gotta love gateway	0
england to win the euros and hopefully they let us back in	0
i just dey see jon bellion everywhere nw .  .  .  if i download his new album n find out its all hype ehhhhhh	1
barton tomorrow	0
im still moving in with you just let you know	0
im still moving in with you just let you know	0
ted is so funny bruh	1
talking to jr havent talk to him in a min	0
i can just hear church in that progression bro too cold	0
and i followed her who knew a doggie and a shark could be fwends!! she better not eat me ,  h…	0
its the filter ,  i swear .  but thank u	0
i be chilling	2
so how have we made #ispyarkokyanaamdoon an emotionally immortal show ?  aaj bhi log khushi ke aansoo rotey hai! #ipkknd	0
the smaller teams are falling now	0
i just got hell of sleepy let me take a nap b4 the i hit the gym later  .  .  . 	1
wow amazing superb give away fantastic prize fingers double crossed thank you xx	0
pics or it didnt happen	0
little spoiled brat . 	3
little spoiled brat . 	5
too lazy today	1
oh shit yall i can retweet myself .  prepare for the comeback of my petty high school drama	0
watched few of christinas performances today .  my fav was #titanium that actually made me teary	1
omar woke up at 7 this morning & said lets go get breakfast half asleep then passed back out!	0
josay is gonna have to babysit me too .  turn up bouta be	0
god work so damn good man but ian chancing it	0
you have a problem	0
man is the creator of his own destiny	0
idc what nobody say no virgins exist in 2016	0
im happy about calum and nia honestly	0
all little kids do is watch videos on youtube:face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy:"so aggey then listen to the same song over n over…	0
all little kids do is watch videos on youtube:face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy:"so aggey then listen to the same song over n over…	1
i am not feeling well	1
hala six years ago	3
sweets are my weakness . 	1
you sure you like the late night weirdos mate ? 	0
so im going to leave durban without sex	2
so im going to leave durban without sex	4
sorry!	2
sorry!	5
ngl ,  its actually embarrassing to see so many people celebrate an assist like great cross ,  but still	0
still obsessed with my promise ring	1
looks sexy !	0
see you next year	0
glad you enjoyed .  .  it was nice to meet you guys	0
this is why i eat mcdonalds like once a year lol .  it makes my stomach hurt	2
this is why i eat mcdonalds like once a year lol .  it makes my stomach hurt	4
everytime i go in the heat  ,  i catch heat rashes in my face  .  .  .  thats why i stay inside	1
everytime i go in the heat  ,  i catch heat rashes in my face  .  .  .  thats why i stay inside	1
lmao wow	0
bron played terrible still ends up with a triple double	1
made it halfway across the country .  20 hour drives are fun	0
excited to wake up everyday doing a job that i love	0
if that what true friend should do ,  then im not a true friend of all of my friends coz i never protect them from predators	0
dj day next month i miss my bruva	1
thanks for fucking your allies with #brexit #uk	2
damn article wont pull up .  .  . give me a few minutes	0
the devil aint nothin but a playa hater	4
its too early for me to be dealing with yall just unlock my damn phone	2
its too early for me to be dealing with yall just unlock my damn phone	4
i love my new charger	0
i see my baby tomorrow	0
what nigga	2
what nigga	4
i never played the restaurants all that much .  i always made a mattress store	0
life is so good	0
i cant ever talk to oomf without them sneak dissing someone ,  shits irritating	0
lol im good	0
lol ,  cl just chillin and liking pics on instagram .  .  where are you ,  i miss you .  . 	1
hate when i tell somebody to be honest & they still lie  . !!	4
austin still isnt off	1
i really want to go to sa and spend a weekend at my brothers soon	1
i want to meet sooo bad hes such a queen	1
i think tristina knows more spanish than me now	0
this is sweated out edges weather	1
this is sweated out edges weather	5
everywhere my mama go i go i dont miss a beat when i see her grabbing her keys i walk right behind her	1
everywhere my mama go i go i dont miss a beat when i see her grabbing her keys i walk right behind her	0
ive been waiting like u	0
i hate when i cant sleep because im sick	1
work in a few hours	1
no ,  ima let him do his job and clean this water up	1
#onsies have one fatal flaw ;  having to strip butt naked to pee	2
#onsies have one fatal flaw ;  having to strip butt naked to pee	4
playing tomorrow .  .  .  on stage 5pm .  playing a new song too hopefully see you there x	0
anytime!! love you!!	0
just come to cape town ,  south africa instead	0
loveee you more	0
gold	0
something different mate .  i like it . 	0
looking for somewhere to hold a party ,  baby shower or private event .  .  . we have various options to suit all needs	0
this "adulting" thing is frustrating	1
just watched a man pick up a half empty beer can outside of theta chi and drink it	4
i just realized im not going to be here for charlies birthday	1
ok ,  after mkt .  youtube time pass  , siddaramanna current kottirovaga	0
srsly i need to go on a holiday	1
had to say goodbye to my friends today hardest thing ive ever done .  .  .  we were all crying so hard	1
had to say goodbye to my friends today hardest thing ive ever done .  .  .  we were all crying so hard	1
haa .  .  repot2	0
happy birthday kym xxx hope youve had a fab day so far	0
part of me really wanted aaron to say something about judging player quality from the bench ,  though . 	0
i feel like ive been sick over half the summer	1
im gonna stop now	0
gotta be right back at work at 7	1
im laughing so hard at that its not even that funny tho	0
one thing ive never been is a hater	0
 . @officiallysymon is taking over our snapchat account today! go add us to see what shes up to! popstarmagazine h…	0
everyone wants to be a photographer these days	0
grow people party	0
i wasnt im just too mature to be arguing back in forth with you	0
boobs	0
thanks butters	0
i thought i had a really good one of you its on my other phone fml	1
feel it	1
lets do it im off thursday	0
congrats zana and gianni .  but sad that luciano and martino are leaving #mkrnz	1
lmao that one time you and marina told me to get out of bed at like midnight and get dressed bc we were going	0
ive always wanted to swim fully clothed! how did it feel to swim with ur wedding dress on ?  ure lovely	0
happy birthday my love miss talking to you	0
aerial yoga seems so fun!	0
dying my hair tomorrow and im lowkey scared . 	1
believe it or not ,  im un florida running right now . 	0
havent had rallys in a minute	0
i only had 150 but i lost 105	1
mango slushie from sonic	0
ily babe	0
they be gone they body be there but thats it	0
quick lil come up	0
lmfao! hush it was	0
lol i was just listening to that song	0
dont worry im just fine	0
cant justify the amount of money it costs to get my hair dyed	1
i just want food i want a big burger or some sea food today	4
i just want food i want a big burger or some sea food today	1
sha wilding early man	0
i can see "the moment" is now	0
if gives you two thumbs up you know it was a great act #agt	0
she said she love me	1
kim possible	0
spot	0
yes very much so  .  sick head	1
i always just buy new ones and give the broken ones to those in need of highlight	0
lebanese kebab sandwich it is then rather be having sunday dinner	0
happy birthday!!	0
tyrice funny asf	0
worst mistake ever going out to bars w/ ur mom when shes a baddie i straight had to take her ass home im not finna play with these niggas	2
worst mistake ever going out to bars w/ ur mom when shes a baddie i straight had to take her ass home im not finna play with these niggas	4
trade free follows ?  500x500 or less i dont go first but give extras no dms! give them to 5	0
hahahaha make my day	0
the screenshots of dredyn i have are unbelievable	1
why are all of these people breaking the internet ?  can someone fix it please because i dont need to be reminded of how ugly i am	1
the conjuring 2 was the shit	3
the conjuring 2 was the shit	5
"but thats not how you should do [insert action] . " i feel more often that not ,  that statement is more an actual opinion than actual fact	2
"but thats not how you should do [insert action] . " i feel more often that not ,  that statement is more an actual opinion than actual fact	4
my mind never mind when only i say shut up! to him that fascinate me #goodguy after all	0
niggas aint shit yall better take advice from a retired nigga himself !	0
i dont even know im always being extra	0
i cant wear my supreme with my apes anymore . 	1
i wanna go to the movies and watch the conjuring 2	1
i also claim 2 be part native american  .  .  .  does this mean im a racist now ?  my pops wld be so ashamed!	1
stop fwm if you aint really fwm	0
aah good old surgicals	0
a single rose can b a garden .  .  .  .  .  . a single friend world good morning	0
lmao wtf idek why i just woke up	0
thanks bro! #geminiseason	2
does getting myself a puppy count as a fathers day gift for my dad ? 	0
#americangods at #comiccon so excited for you	0
#americangods at #comiccon so excited for you	5
oooo i just want someone to keep it real with me  .  .  .  is that too much ?  ? 	1
i cant my heart hurts & my head is overly thinking	1
cannot wait to see dawn flick the fan	0
may have a potential car	0
about to take a nap  ,  hopefully i find somewhere to go later when & if this rain stops	2
about to take a nap  ,  hopefully i find somewhere to go later when & if this rain stops	4
i smell like bonfire	0
right! my dogs are everything to me	1
looks like i missed a hell of an adventure ,  damn timezones and adult responsibilities! hope there is a replay to watch soon	1
in my feels right now .   . 	1
great result sarge #ditchthedesk	0
have to make a trip to that fair on the coast	0
time for change time to clean up house & take out the trash!	2
this game is too stressful #pervcol	1
ily to	0
these mosquito bites are killing me	2
these mosquito bites are killing me	4
not my deck but i probably could	0
missing uni girls already and still got another 3 months to go	1
i guess ill go in at 7:30 cus sitting in this car got my mf back hurting	1
carnival in trinidad is the fuckin move bitch	0
ugh it wont let me dm you my number cause you dont follow me	2
ugh it wont let me dm you my number cause you dont follow me	4
i be wit lesia every day	2
i be wit lesia every day	4
all she wanted was to take a pic now she getting hit	0
see u at church	0
goodnight my lovelies remember you are beautiful all god given be proud i love you guys #itrustyou htt…	0
you can call me any thing you want  ,  but watch what you say . 	0
this week feels so much like summer that im perpetually happy .  enjoy it while it lasts . 	0
omg calvina	0
we all make mistakes man .  one ragret	2
we all make mistakes man .  one ragret	4
todays menu in army mess kabali palao .  .  ^if you know what i mean	0
i be forgetting ian got no chill  . 	0
i already knew mcdonalds was trash ,  but really tried it with them chicken nuggets now my stomach is fuuuuucked	4
i swear im fine im on my way	0
find them for both of us	2
naming my daughter after you	1
neddy is mad i want to cuddle	0
(got stuck with jun13 yesterday ,  plenty of messed up paperwork)	0
cramping and hurting so bad	1
damn	0
back to reality	4
hayley is a joke! apart from pt being a terrible actress ,  her character is so bad written .  a total disgrace!	5
happy birthday to your mom suzyq	0
dawg i done fucked up ,  my bf be tryna come to my house so fucking early since we live so close damn ian even wake up yet	1
shoutout to the mpp snack bar for making my day with free watermelon and ice cream	0
thanks so much for your support ,  and for spreading the word!	0
its not an emoji  ,  but ovahalffffff hey girlll text me	0
its not an emoji  ,  but ovahalffffff hey girlll text me	0
i still have issues with somethings but hey im happy with who i am	0
he said you ani shit "you knew"	0
yes it was pyribbit ,  no he wasnt as bad as sold! i also got 2 of the sunstones i was missing .  game 50% compete! enjoying tripledx so far . 	0
happy birthday bae cant wait to have a proper getaway with you love you my madu (top) ,  forever my s…	0
lol you was getting litty i saw you	0
aww thanks boo	0
but , but ,  #mitb! ? ! ? 	0
your welcome	0
naw .  im already juggin .  was lowkey in that mf working hard ,  they just wasnt fwm after a while .  tryna steal my shine	0
it actually is but remember to get up get out and vote ppl (dems you vote early)	0
its a couple of bitches i have to stunt on	2
well yeah you know what i meant	0
that was sweet	0
ufc was sold for 4 . 2 billion	3
ufc was sold for 4 . 2 billion	5
in other countries school just ended ,  here in my country school is just starting .  #mtvawardsstar one direction	1
wait is it a joke that my "early euro history" class turned into a "role play euro history" class .  .  .  .  i did not sign up for 8 am role play	1
see how easy that was	0
thanks	0
the plastic did me in	1
haha got to love a bit of eurotrash . x	0
bare pathetic	2
bare pathetic	4
right! cause im sure it was all wet and shit afterwards .  she fucked it up	2
omg this is super old but thank you	0
omg this is super old but thank you	0
he apologizing for shit i no longer care about	0
suzy is going to animeexpo and i hope that people dont demand unnecessary shit from her and overwhelm her	1
beautiful girls .  and congrats on your discharge on thursday	0
im really gonna get one and kittys stank	0
im really gonna get one and kittys stank	1
my bestfriend shanell came over yesterday	0
hey beautiful	0
i been thinking bout that shit  ,  dude really got me fucced up on me	0
#sorrynotsorry about all of the #survivor posts ,  yall know im #obsessed i own every season and rewatch them all constantly	0
i love seeing syndergaard on my tv	0
happy birthday	0
//then dont hesitate !!	0
would a nice gin and tonic help	0
be my roommate when you switch	1
get a massage! that sounds amazing	0
its already the end of june wow	1
my mom never taught me	0
sadly ,  im with you on that one .  ((hugs))	1
you too	0
unappreciated x cherish	1
woah ,  thats a full blown opinion right there! #realtalk	3
seriously nobody wants to see the conjuring with me	2
seriously nobody wants to see the conjuring with me	4
you angel ,  very excited to see you too	0
you angel ,  very excited to see you too	0
ive had my hot water bottle in bed and everything i feel your pain!	0
awww is reppin my school today	0
hella coo man im trying to go winter break but idk	0
hella coo man im trying to go winter break but idk	1
i shouldve known you would cross me cause im on and im saucy	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x55 , 181	0
if this nigga dont hurry up im gonna smack his ass !	4
happy birthday friend	0
dont in case baby try some stupid shit one day you can blast her	0
every decision we make counts!	2
every decision we make counts!	5
1 month till kian and jc #donttrythisathometour	0
thanks for coming ,  ! we hope to see you again next year at #niaal17	0
i love haters ,  like i actually genuinely love yall	0
girl id love for you to go back in there and punch him in the face	0
we were lit when we were on the bus going back home	0
when i accidentally touch my face and my piercing kinda comes out that shit hurtsssss	1
when i accidentally touch my face and my piercing kinda comes out that shit hurtsssss	5
it just keeps rolling along .  hes like hitler now then .  just needs a moustache	0
stop kicking messi	2
happy birthday!!	0
having your time wasted its so sad because you cant get that time back	1
lele  ,  i miss your cute ass  .  .  free your brother man	1
favs "put it on the line " one of my favorite songs	0
i know right	0
child support is something serious they take so much money .  .  how is this man suppose to survive  ? 	3
child support is something serious they take so much money .  .  how is this man suppose to survive  ? 	5
shut up before talk bad about any religion!	2
haha! so close!!	2
haha! so close!!	5
whys the trip to isu so long	2
whys the trip to isu so long	4
its 2 in the morning and im hungry	2
its 2 in the morning and im hungry	4
yeah you know whats up	0
you should come to bristol	1
we coped in the 1k+ years before now ,  im sure well do just fine for the next 1k+ . 	0
need to get into a healthy relationship so ya girl can get thicker	0
i hate you if youre going to watch finding dory tonight	0
feeling all kinds a fucked up	1
nah ,  just in general	0
my day was great	0
im literally doodling in a notebook thats how bored i am	0
haha sounds good ill calendar it	0
i legit teared up bc this is how my dad is w me	1
happy fathers day all my daddies out there	0
happy fathers day all my daddies out there	0
bed time	0
im just not feeling good rn . 	3
i voted remaim ,  but all 3 of hull mps between them only managed to get 38% onboard yet blame jeremy	4
i voted remaim ,  but all 3 of hull mps between them only managed to get 38% onboard yet blame jeremy	1
i think that mom liked me im so proud of myself shes intense	0
i think that mom liked me im so proud of myself shes intense	1
hmm .  .  .  something is going on over there lol . 	0
i wanted to cry when she came out	1
on nights like this i miss him most	1
going strong! didnt even have a beer at the game	1
man that pussy so good ,  i dont wanna back out	0
working with never disappoints we cover everything from disney movies to world problems .  .  .  . oh and serve customers…	0
worked for a few hours last night on my book and going to work on my book all day and hopefully get it finished	0
if a cas wife cannot sleep what does she say ?  "darling ,  tell me about your work . "	0
lol what the hell ? ! why so early ? ! i went last night too im still coming	1
my stomach and back hurt so bad	1
same	0
we out there	2
beg this swiss striker score	0
hahaha the last part of this video	0
shhh my bad	1
pinned tweet .  "promise" #alwaysadirectioner	0
waiting on u to teach me	1
that was a fat ass thunder	3
that was a fat ass thunder	5
hey jayda what dat tongue do ?  ? 	0
my mom dont feel like driving to dornery park on friday .  how dont you know what you gonna feel like doing on friday its only	2
my mom dont feel like driving to dornery park on friday .  how dont you know what you gonna feel like doing on friday its only	4
annoying!!!!	2
woohoo!	3
i knew already .  great fun .  looking forward to such a report delivery on my bbc . 	3
i knew already .  great fun .  looking forward to such a report delivery on my bbc . 	5
yo if you like hip-hop / r&b then you should #follow my brother also you follow his homies homie	0
i feel this	1
selfish smh	1
aww man im off tomorrow	1
good looks bro i come home from ocean city sunday ima hit you up	0
its okay ,  i forgive you . 	0
working on changing my ways for the better	0
cant sleep	1
he cant just tease us and then not release #coldwater	1
stop going hard for that nigga he dont know you	0
stop going hard for that nigga he dont know you	2
stop going hard for that nigga he dont know you	4
if i ask wyd or whats up  .  .  & you say nothing or nothing much  ,  you gotta go you have to be doing something	0
bollocks mate thats what it is chin up	0
goals! #aldubebfathersday	0
i cant bro .  i have to lock in for when its my turn .  i cant have fun till its done .  . 	1
cool .  im sure he needs one .  say hello for me!	0
stress free	0
man youre tweets either have me laughing my ass off or sorta in my feelings! you seem pretty badass to be around	0
we out on the town #charlit	2
aight you niggaa be ballin still ? 	0
wanna go tanning soon .  i just wanna be all one shade of brown instead of three	1
is sanogo going to be back or be loaned again ?  the man is the next adaybayor	0
todaa was coo	0
me too princess	1
congrats f2!!	0
greatest night ever!	0
yeah	0
maybe its so hot is affecting his vocal cords .  he breathing fire	0
im finna fly my dog to atlanta i miss my baby sooo much	1
be my bartender you hotasss i wanna go see my malibu babies!!	1
be my bartender you hotasss i wanna go see my malibu babies!!	4
lol i know everybody call you asia pooh .  she dont care if i like it or not . 	0
oh ok fasho fasho	0
i like any picture thats nice on ig	1
& greatest idea ever .  i will forever hate the world until we have official ice cream swiss rolls . 	0
haaaa! nailed it	0
waiting for your call	1
the best player for game 2	0
thank you	0
what a hater	1
oh shit ,  didnt realize he was love interest in we are never ever getting back together . 	3
oh shit ,  didnt realize he was love interest in we are never ever getting back together . 	5
sure is	0
cant wait to get off so i can hear future mixtape	1
why is it that on my days off i just want to spend money	1
why is it that on my days off i just want to spend money	4
this week is going to be so brutal	1
happy papis day!	0
happy belated	0
wow - #amazing prize! following & retweeted for the chance to #win fingers crossed	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x58 , 641	0
i dont like racists	0
one fine day	0
you so small lbs ,  i like you smile an the way you dress you up there w me lil ma keep styling get up w me	2
done watching day completed!!	0
if i threw a pool party who gone come	0
i wouldve done that but my phone is broken	1
its the offices of tg elite isnt it ? 	0
youre welcome!	0
got anymore ? 	0
opp .  felt that instinct nanaman! maybe thats why . 	0
good morning .  so i slept 13 hrs  .  considering i only sleep 4 most nights  .  .  .  and taking care of other folks .  .  time to take care of me . 	3
good morning .  so i slept 13 hrs  .  considering i only sleep 4 most nights  .  .  .  and taking care of other folks .  .  time to take care of me . 	5
if i want to watch nia then ill repeat ehm epis if i want to c sidni den ill repeat the old sidni scenes but no more jr !	0
1 .  me 2 .  donald	0
a woman in the street and a freak in the you know what . 	0
why am i so sore	1
my boys ,  they have to follow she loves with all her heart 54	1
is battle creek close enough ?  ill make my way over soon . 	0
literally everyone does	1
draxler is a baller i remember last season arsenal wanted him .  .  what happened ? 	1
missing them too	1
took me literally 30 min to shave im so tired man	1
well theres one vote . 	0
ok but why my phone ?  i didnt do nun to you	0
didnt get it	2
didnt get it	4
had a little bit of too much with everything .  .  .  #postpartyweekend #drugs #etoh #erproblem #neverlearned	2
had a little bit of too much with everything .  .  .  #postpartyweekend #drugs #etoh #erproblem #neverlearned	4
they done suspended my license & i aint even know	1
nice salute to #nationalsunglasesday!	0
"coffee cause cancer" headline wasnt so tasteful with my morning cup today	5
the best feeling is not setting an alarm to get up in the morning	0
ill never drink again .  .  .  .  .  ever! #promise	0
where did you get your dress in your avi from	1
we love you #박인서_항상감자해 and were at your back always!	0
me and you boy thats amazing	0
its time #loveisland	0
i would be hurt lmao slick imma shave my head	0
unfortunately not .  i was too busy tweeting	1
she isnt	0
thank you	0
nachos are my favourite thing ever . 	0
but is "ill let you know" really a curve ?  bitches have told me that shit but i still reached 4th base or maybe am just #teamkulimbikila	0
her too good for the games she playing	0
her too good for the games she playing	0
im somewhere in between caring and laughing my ass of at you	0
yay! 3rd year na	0
yall gotta bring sum	1
thank you	0
kept me up late	1
messi retires from international football  .  .  .  so what  .  .  . 	1
messi retires from international football  .  .  .  so what  .  .  . 	1
rooney couldnt beat first man even if they were	0
i love me and my cousins convos best thing ever	0
i love me and my cousins convos best thing ever	0
i love me and my cousins convos best thing ever	4
ill hop on the next flight to london to bring him a 4oz glass of apple juice if he asked #lolnolol	0
so many people passed out here last night it looked like a damn luxury refugee camp	0
not fancying a visit to the dentist for a new tooth	1
fuck 13 14 the one who started the dancing & shit	0
andy	0
and also do lovely children!	0
haha but real #got fans are caught up	0
thank you	0
wish i could wear strapless bathing suits	1
why do philosophers have to make something so simple sound so complicated	1
nah tired of this game .  #euro2016	2
nah tired of this game .  #euro2016	4
see you there lol i havent seen you since you was whining di pum pum at henny palooza	0
see you there lol i havent seen you since you was whining di pum pum at henny palooza	0
darida and rosicky	0
perfect weather today	0
icing on the top of the cake today was a fantastic day	0
they couldnt save him because they werent a certificated trauma center	1
they couldnt save him because they werent a certificated trauma center	4
baby stoopppppppp	1
damn im late for school will have to catch the full version on  .  rock on!	0
starting this process again letting my eyebrows grow out	1
dm me	0
no youre not i love you so much im loyal to you and your special to me	0
no youre not i love you so much im loyal to you and your special to me	1
no youre not i love you so much im loyal to you and your special to me	0
no youre not i love you so much im loyal to you and your special to me	0
no youre not i love you so much im loyal to you and your special to me	1
no youre not i love you so much im loyal to you and your special to me	1
maybe around your birthday	0
u be loud sometimes too	0
n you know it	0
why you doing me so wrong on a sunday . 	0
why you doing me so wrong on a sunday . 	1
never knew was this fun . 	0
alright ,  lebrons got my respect . 	0
ima follow yall	1
ima follow yall	0
hey hey hey .  .  feeling good about this .  finally finished my little love song .  3 more tracks til the release	0
loved finding dory	1
and even so  ,  more to talk about! eh i seronok tahu people kat russia mcm mana	0
just wait on it ,  were next	1
vegas in about a month	0
dont wanna work when i had the last 2 days off	1
i will definitely find a way to come out and visit yall so we can see scary movies together	1
crying	0
you can tell its some sort of sauce .  then again ,  he is saucy .  .  . 	0
why im mad about a sew in  ,  i still want braids	0
im workin around tomken today & our power went out .  . later we find out a house exploded in the vicinity	5
lebrons block on iggy tho	5
i wanna post so many photos on instagram	1
of all things ,  of course its the death of the particular character that i accidentally stumble upon	2
of all things ,  of course its the death of the particular character that i accidentally stumble upon	4
goodmorning	0
random calls are cool	0
thanks linda	0
i want some french toast	1
omg we need to hangout again bc youre fun af and you dont live far at all .  i like you	0
who comes up with these nicknames	0
i think its funny when someone calls me a "bitch" like is that supposed to hurt my feelings ? 	0
remember when norwich beat wba and the mags and they acted like theyd already survived ?  hahaha tory wankers	0
you better come over tomorrow! im sick of bein the only one 21	0
im down!	0
i dont think so . 	2
was glad i read #curiousincident before handing over to my girls .  .  .  gave me opportunity to explain the c word!	3
17 gz i need to smoke	1
17 gz i need to smoke	1
17 gz i need to smoke	4
17 gz i need to smoke	1
i only have todays on my dvr	1
i get high errday	1
my body hurts everywhere  .  .  .  where is my knight in shining armour 2 massage my back ? ! #downside2singlelife can i train my dog 2 do this ? 	0
my body hurts everywhere  .  .  .  where is my knight in shining armour 2 massage my back ? ! #downside2singlelife can i train my dog 2 do this ? 	1
looking for a cute girl to take to syracuse ,  clinton and sunset days!	0
at least i still love u babe	0
icon tho	0
chloe and halle them babies can sing	0
luv u sona baby	0
callin jayvillan and sunnie to the stage	1
i found another favourite hobby besides nagging  ;  procrastinating	0
my stomach hurt	4
guys follow this cutie my partner in crime	2
well that explains a lot	1
im having flashbacks	1
when ppl say being nice gets you nowhere i actually half believed it but na being nice gets you nowhere with the wrong people stay kind	0
alright	0
thats my son youre buggin	0
otp with fav	0
wish we were on that road .  and i are back in bulgaria .  we had a boom! burger in your honor .  .  . 	0
blonde and blue eyes	0
between what two shades ?  well help!	0
i am drained . 	1
i might become u-4 eyes soooon .  #ngiblind (:face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy:gerrit ?  aggggh man - abangyeke) . ":face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy:whoo haai shem u…	0
take twitter standards and do da complete opposite  .  .  . 	0
all i wanna do is go back to sleep	1
told yall ness was top 10	0
lol this made me giggle .  go get it gal ,  but remember you one hella beautiful human	0
i already love jack garrett and he hasnt started playing yet	0
oh your notification popped up on my phone like a dm but then it wasnt in my dms	0
awkward	5
ill be in wisconsin	1
i think theres someone digging through my trash	0
really you dont like kids	0
my mom wants to go to church in edcouch & i dont want to bc its too early	1
lol ,  brings new meaning to racking balls	0
like helloooo ?  raga just won!! worry ,  happy!	0
i had to change my demography because i wasnt making any sales	1
#ripchristina so sad that someone i watched during my childhood passed away so young	1
funny how i was promised a call back	1
nope	1
ah right! that is an equally good way to relax . 	0
guys are so disgusting but so again so are the girls who give it away like nothing . 	0
why am i always at the highschool	1
when u thought someone was flirting w u but then u facebook stalk them and they got a baby momma and a baby	0
why these ppl fighting	1
dommage	1
hey ,  i wanna go to the movies	1
basically	0
i love beef jerky	0
a legend within a legend #legendoftarzan	0
if i ever hear someone say its hot here ,  i plan to give the mean eye look .  #southerngirl #inseattle #pacificnw #southsoundpuget #tacoma	2
boutta go get me some breakfast	0
- rachel - swan queen - valkubus - coffee - charlotte king - amelia - all your fan vids - layout alway…	0
sad for you . 	1
im petty all the time	0
my god	0
#pnpbday happy	0
his little sunglasses	0
wash i know but we will just have to celebrate extra hard during homecoming unless u plan a weekend to wilmington	1
im almost home! not much longer	0
sorry ab it	0
my split mile time today was 8 minutes and it was a hard run because it was hot af .  proud of myself though	0
my shoulder is totally trashed	1
thanks kobe	0
oakmont is looking brutal today	2
oakmont is looking brutal today	5
having a day off with my boys in cali . 	0
i know your btch taste me on yo lips	0
im sure you will and even end up finishing before me!	0
wow amazing superb give away fantastic prize fingers double crossed thank you xx	0
i have no ketchup	1
looking for an upgrade ,  my current provider deal is £10 a month more expensive than what are offering .  big difference	1
so you gotta post who you crushing on 9	3
so you gotta post who you crushing on 9	5
niggas is wack	0
what did he say im blocked	1
haha ive saw this gif before yes wella ,  im so done with him	0
omg thats so funny small world	0
apparently my mom has been eating my coconut oil talking about "it smell & taste like coconut"	0
still patiently waiting for my give me that bday shoutout	0
lmao fucken justin	0
thats good then because i voted to leave at least the company isnt all bad	0
youre right! its on me . 	1
this generation is really shot out soo happy i was cut from a different cloth!	1
thanks girl	0
only message/notification i get is to update my phone	1
i asked geena to name my car this bitch says rebecca	1
yeah it is!! pretty short but still really good and the music was awesome!!	0
kento why u smayl ? ! yu shuld nat smayl argh	0
c$ers trying to police no one can hear u over the sound of swen chanting #swanqueen	0
my baby hasnt text me all day whats really going on	1
come stay with me	0
hardest work day of my life gaah damn	1
my nigga	0
im trynna be married into maias family	0
thank you joe this is the first positive tweet ive seen all day	0
rainier beach graduation tmr inshallah 5 pm at memorial stadium come support the vikings	0
rainier beach graduation tmr inshallah 5 pm at memorial stadium come support the vikings	0
lmfaoooooo im looking out for youuu ,  mfs boosting im the only mf tryna keep it real in this bitch	0
damn thats deep af i was not expecting that lmaoooo	0
i miss my baby #freeemybaby	1
i miss my baby #freeemybaby	1
last lab of the session today	1
i just wanna leave on vacation already	0
tell me about it i was hurt when this came on the radio and i wanted to share my pain with you guys	1
you guys have clothes on ? !	0
keep going this way	0
two singles out  ,  two shows this week & im only getting better blessings	2
when trust is broken  , sorry means nothing	1
holidays	0
the only reason i agree to go to costco with my mom is for the free samples	0
yall went a little overboard with the front gate to the new house dont ya think .  .  ? 	0
this will be a good sem .  ((pls lang))	0
school and full time job is hard to juggle	1
school and full time job is hard to juggle	4
clarity played on the radio ,  its boutta be a good day	0
i have never ever wanted to hit a child but i want to show this horrible girl that is bullying my sister what it really means to be big	2
hey:red_heart:️ .  how was your day	0
robotussin ,  tylenol cold/flu ,  mucinex ,  and threw a perc in there for the hell of it	1
i live on a farm .  .  .  .  never said what kind of farm	0
fuck yes get him to the greek	0
imma be so in me feelings for the prince tributes	1
ios 10 look nice now im beasting	0
i could say a girls name and people automatically assume that we talk	0
all the feels today .  dont ever be sorry for showing your emotions .  it is what makes us who we are . 	0
"gardener" sounds right	3
"gardener" sounds right	5
love island time!! cant wait for this!! #loveisland	0
should i make a new hunlay thread ?  huhu	1
oh yeah	0
i need my baby	1
alright ill dm you when i get out of bed & ill come get one	0
hahaha nahi .  first need to do house job inshaaallah bya ba oshi whatever allah will desire for me .  keep in duas . 	0
thank you mr mark ,  my opinion sounds harsh but we must enola gay the area ,  appologize to jesus for the innocent life lost	0
no better way to finishing off a season by beating the dogeeeeeees!	0
being dad at parties	0
can you rt this link (below) ,  please ?  thanks!	0
oh nah that second half man	1
thanks though i didnt want to be nominated . 	0
in short i just want to say "koi toh rok lo" #devakshi #kuchrangpyarkeaisebhi thnq	0
i need friends yall	0
ios 10 is cute af	0
ohhhh .  damnn .  i didnt watch news hahaha but thats sad . 	0
mona sexy	0
its time for me to sleep 7:30am class sucks	1
i only recently found you .  you have brought me so much joy	0
i need some hot fries ,  bruh	1
awesome just in time for my birthday .  looking forward to seeing it	0
really want my tongue pierced but my mum said no	1
seeing it closing day .  dont wanna spoil the magic!!!	0
stoated in our camp and stoated straight back oot	0
*know omg	0
feeling	0
not the same ki from 4 years ago	0
oh nice! ill try ,  im not really a minecraft person but im learning haha	0
awaiting reply on dm ,  please make me again .  getting worried sick here	0
im suffering from second-hand embarrassment sooooooooo hard right now	0
it feels like forever away . 	1
how have i gone this long without following billy idol on instagram ? 	0
talk about luck! happy new make-up .  .  .  its sooo pretty! ~claireann	0
saturday wya	0
theyre so good	0
i miss my daddy	1
yes , book those flights , mate	0
whyyyyyy did i fall sleep	1
im gonna be a sad girl without my dogs in college .  theyve been my little babies for the past decade	1
misery loves company	0
happy fathers day po pa	0
she talk way too much	1
ah thats right	4
nigga shutttt upppp	0
lmao my day will come one day	0
im the greates friend out there tbh	0
my mommy cooking i smelled it in my sleep	0
my mommy cooking i smelled it in my sleep	0
why dont they get hired by the car wash at the end of my road	1
might not be playing football in college	1
thank you!! and thanks for the decorations too goofballs!	0
yo i swear black people never on time for nothing you gotta tell them earlier than you want so they be on time  . 	1
happy birthday gregory	0
we know	0
9 times out of 10 ,  im the baddest bitch you fucked wit	0
lmaoo bye brandy im not talking about her bms man	0
lmaoo bye brandy im not talking about her bms man	1
how dare the sun decide to come out on such a day	2
how dare the sun decide to come out on such a day	4
i like cheesy romantic shit .  send me long ass paragraphs ,  surprise me ,  do something	1
really need to sort their shit out! 3 cancelled trains today already and my next one is massively delayed	2
awww they cool together #datingnaked	0
felt so real	1
i can never sleep anymore	4
thanks for the carmax	0
this brexit stuff has made you really negative .  humorous at times though	0
solid half .  great playmaking from boateng ,  kroos running the midfield ,  draxler deadly down the left . 	0
im draking rn . 	1
grae omfgg #asapnowshowing	0
ah thank you	0
is it the world cup ?  is shearer playing ?  ask dad . 	0
is it the world cup ?  is shearer playing ?  ask dad . 	0
im on netflix waiting for oitnb	0
i luvvvvv pizza	0
99 . 9% of these f^ck boys cant f^ck me !	0
if i hear one more customer say "its suppose to be hot and ready" im going to lose it	4
i always told him dont go out to b inside by 10  .  .  .  he aint listen to me	1
i always told him dont go out to b inside by 10  .  .  .  he aint listen to me	4
another night stuck in traffic and didnt even get to see a game	1
another night stuck in traffic and didnt even get to see a game	4
i get on social media today and i see nothing but sad news my is with #orlando	1
everything will be okay	1
girl ,  im always good at college! bit girl ,  you know im here for you! i may need a ride ,  but ill brin…	0
ofc dude	0
tomorrow is detroits summer jams mad im missing it	4
happy birthday cutie	0
im just gonna go to bed so i dont bring yall down goodnight	0
i dont think theres anything wrong with eating chips and guac for breakfast ,  but thats just me	0
your summer outfit and bikini pics have been gorgeous , great mix of style and glamour	0
a while ago i was actually watching videos on my phone of us	1
around ya way too	0
djourou is still shit then	0
lol its so weird tyler and i hurt our right leg and his was 2 days after my incident . 	0
single & its gone stay that way	0
wanting to join in with the blogger chats but being so tired i just dont have the attention span for it	1
the votes are telling me to make this loan payment .  .  .  .  .  .  . 	1
dreaming that my location someday would in transit .  take me with your travels . 	0
lol it hurt when i got mine done	0
hahaha they insist how can i resist ?  hahaha	0
i do! ill be the new head coach of a big 10 university in the fall .  thank you	0
im really just so blunt & straightforward that people be stuck	0
i need help to get the ok of my mom to buy sapphire vip for paris please #eurolovesick	0
its my its so cold though	3
there is a corgi con in california! someone take me there	0
right!! baby dory just made the whole movie cute	0
this weather kinda reminds me of the philippines	1
good lord they arrested the guy for telling the truth ? ! ? 	0
morning	0
low key starving	3
low key starving	5
i got my whole family to like im so proud and they know names	0
them hoes is	4
hate that they have the "spend $100 at pandora & get a bracelet for free" because i have to save my money for this summer	1
when that direct deposit bouta hit	0
just saw coach hampton at the vet clinic	0
youll get there	0
fancy ice cream place kass-"ill just have a sparkling water" #badasskids	0
i wanted to vent and they told me to go to bed	1
thats great	0
ok girls are weird now days	0
im always burnt	0
you are one massive glad you got beat	0
hi why you look like  ?  #askylona	0
i think its about time someone found an alternative to the a38 lol	1
my friend was supposed to pick me up 7 minutes ago and she isnt responding to my texts	2
my friend was supposed to pick me up 7 minutes ago and she isnt responding to my texts	4
& hes #8 not 7 he can play games all he wants to	0
& hes #8 not 7 he can play games all he wants to	0
so happy for you	0
idc if i have to go by myself to the movies today ,  im going	0
somebody having a real intense dream about me	0
goodmorning	0
got my red cord for being a consistent blood donor for red cross . 	0
i wont be going jake bugg is worth going to even if it is alone!	0
my lil nigga	0
please ,  send you	0
thank you	0
indeed they are looking forward to your presentation see you at 9 . 00	0
where is the kid	1
im never at home  . 	0
stevos saves us money because if he doesnt have it he has to pay an extra $2 , 000 in tax	3
like its not perfect but it could be worse	0
my legs are killing me why did i choose to exercise again tonight . 	1
my legs are killing me why did i choose to exercise again tonight . 	4
my legs are killing me why did i choose to exercise again tonight . 	1
youre welcome	0
ooooooooooh! omg yes! that makes sense now yeah he had a br the whole time and i didnt click oh wow that is impressive!	0
ooooooooooh! omg yes! that makes sense now yeah he had a br the whole time and i didnt click oh wow that is impressive!	0
rip christina .  our thoughts and prayers are with her family ,  friends and loved ones	1
thanks for the love! which bra did you score ?  ? 	0
all this damn screaming at 10 am	2
miss my waves man	1
thanks	0
some bitch ass who raised you niggas	0
arrived in copenhagen long ride ,  lot of traffic jam & only rain ,  but weve made it!! so happy to see my best friend again after 5 months	0
now we need doyeon and woozi to come back . 	1
good evening ,  love haha .  its 6:42pm now . 	0
some one knows your pasword on insta and delete it ,  posesive ,  i presume for the motive	1
i love my polaroids	0
go ahead its never that serious	0
son! be quiet .  jayjay is asleep whos jayjay ? 	0
ima be on your level soon lol	0
love you my me too imagine	0
love you my me too imagine	0
re tarde	0
damn girl those legs tho!! brighter than my future	1
when you realize that was like the mom in jersey shore everyone told her their problems #jwowproblems!	0
never went to high school ?  ? 	3
never went to high school ?  ? 	5
work the next two days then im homeward bound	0
happy birthday miss colombia have a good	0
shouldve watched thrones	3
shouldve watched thrones	5
no step forward to moving out	0
whenever you think youre having a bad monday .  .  . think of last nights #gameofthrones episode to bring a smile to your face #satisfaction	0
i hope so maybe i just nervous for this comeback	0
i know i love you and your family your wife and your daughter are so pretty	0
miss those late night convos with my best friend	1
thank you brother	0
thanks tepe see you on the field this fall	0
this is exactly why i dont wanna be on twitter during these last 10 days ,  aslaamu alaikum	0
i want to go to hard summer so bad	1
my daughter wont let me go a day without playin one dance twelve straight times	1
get me on holiday now ,  all this negativity is so draining	1
i gotta get like this again	1
i finally got my room all done! there will be a room tour within the next week	0
jt and heather interactions this season are unexpected greatness .  always so fresh and funny .  #batb #cagematchbeauty	0
jt and heather interactions this season are unexpected greatness .  always so fresh and funny .  #batb #cagematchbeauty	0
21k lang ang may medal this year	1
thanks a lot! like ,  really .  and sorry for bugging you so much	0
#diltootzmoment when u are out of data and ur wifi is dead too	1
#diltootzmoment when u are out of data and ur wifi is dead too	5
finding dory with i love my bestfriend	0
thanks retweet it for me	0
i have no idea how im still awake but im not even a bit tired	0
nah im straight	0
decided to eat a cheez it or two to take my medicine and i ate the whole box by accident	0
ay thankyou for the 2 cara dms ily	1
raniaa wnty tayba rbna y5aleky	0
crazy how a full decision can be made when its as close as it was ,  48% to 52% #euref	2
crazy how a full decision can be made when its as close as it was ,  48% to 52% #euref	5
frenchfries is real	0
wow ,  i hardly get on here anymore	3
credit goes to lady morment	0
i am so bored	1
cara and nathan are my favourite couple ,  theyre too funny	0
hard to be a celeb & be true to your own opinions with thousands of ppl watching/misinterpreting every word .  its a shame	1
amandla is really goals i love everything about her	0
yeah the universe is telling me i need to save my money	1
im gonna die bc my i am so hungry	1
really want a drink	1
yeah ,  once we trade one to you	0
and my mom did the same thing just the other day smh	0
single	0
i saw it because i glanced far too quickly at it . 	1
i saw it because i glanced far too quickly at it . 	4
people are still sleeping at this time .  get up people .  visit my ig now . 	0
love you doeeeeeee	0
playing the same song to sleep again	0
- my favorite	0
lol i find this hard to believe	0
i actually want one .  sick of cramming everything in the back with the dog	0
ion feel good you should be bring me something to help me	1
ion feel good you should be bring me something to help me	1
boys in black	0
yesh!	2
yesh!	5
tr3y loves sharin everything with all the kids in the neighborhood	1
kill season  ,  kill for no reason	0
if im this tired from a 12 hour shift how am i gonna do a 16 hour next week	0
#ff to an extraordinary and unique persons who i love very much!!	0
vardy would have scored that . 	0
somebody throw me an excuse to leave work early ,  and ill see if it work	0
telling me to be confident  ?  mate how the fuck am i meant to be confident when you keep fetching up your ex girlfriends	2
lost on immigration opinions and not the future of the kids	3
gotta love him	0
"morning wine-head"	3
dude im freaken lovin this weather	0
my lil bro is lowkey one of the main reasons why i want to cut my hair stop looking so much like me bro damm	2
my lil bro is lowkey one of the main reasons why i want to cut my hair stop looking so much like me bro damm	4
okay! she she awake already ? 	0
im gonna miss kelsey always asking me for hair supplies	0
i really need everything to stop hurting for just like 5 seconds	4
they say good things come to those who wait  ,  and ive been waiting for soooooo long	1
yesterday was such a fun day	0
thanks kallie!	0
not bad	0
morher nature fucks everything up for ya girl . 	2
thank you luisa! haha set ako sometime this week if ever . 	0
varejao look like a bootleg version of noah on the bulls	0
summer is going by way to fast	1
#squadgoals hahaha! were the noti squad aaron!!	0
young ,  wild & free	2
very sad news today for our city of orlando #prayfororlando #orlandoshootings	1
it’s amazing how few pictures can bring back so many memories . 	1
wasnt able to eat or sleep for 2 days ,  then the sickening news of reckless violence in a city i call home .  .  #orlando #em…	1
have a good friday! positive vibes only	0
he was amazing and so charming	0
cant .  .  .  the word should not come into your vocabulary	0
she told me i was horrible	1
wonderwall	0
going to sleep sad is the worst .  . 	1
wtf does dt know ?  he wants to pretend to be president .  another tv role .  he cant hack the real world .  bad temper!!	1
you two together makes me smile . 	0
louis smile makes me	0
but whyyyyy .  their food is so gross	4
anyway ,  nice to meet you~!	0
great idea ,  unfortunately i have an appointment tonight . 	1
it really is	1
we all think they are	0
i wish i lived by the beach	1
ty ty	0
so um i have never went out and it be a fail	1
so um i have never went out and it be a fail	5
if you demand anything from me ill literally laugh in your face ,  call you an asshole ,  and watch you struggle your demand .  no help here	0
youre so gross for this	0
i miss you too	1
bojangles is a blessing	1
no prob	0
omg stop that bone structure is not natural	3
omg stop that bone structure is not natural	5
ah ,  3wrtely glbi hatha elmktob shnswi b3d	1
so blessed my cousins are there for me no questions asked .  were not even first cousins but were all still very close	0
i wanna her but she play more games than the nba	3
have 96 free follows -only trade for dms -i can do multiacc / rts / likes tweet me on	0
as of today ,  new music just got a lot closer	0
buzzing for the fight	2
had a nightmare	1
dan ,  i love u so much .  please ,  follow me!	1
thanks for the lovely compliment ,  abbie .  have a wonderful day ahead . 	0
thanks for the lovely compliment ,  abbie .  have a wonderful day ahead . 	0
around this time every sunday really starts to set in .  .  .  feeling sucks	1
i love her aura!!! go tin!! #tsoubakasakali	0
off work feels so good to get off at 3 instead of 7 today	1
cheers jewell	2
if you got money like that then by all means go for it ,  back to back lol	2
when you find videos khiana took with your phone .  .  .  this child is crazy	0
just fyi	2
just fyi	4
nothin like western sizzlin in sallisaw to start the florida trip	0
whenever you want to go and whatever you would like on the menu	0
ooooooownnntttt	0
this is a vicious circle i just wanna be better again and be eating chocolate	1
shut up po	0
im honestly such a bad driver	0
what is happening in this world .  so sad #prayforistanbul #prayforturkey	1
what is happening in this world .  so sad #prayforistanbul #prayforturkey	1
cant wait till the day i can say im happy with my life	1
my makeup came out soooooo bomb today	0
feel like this nba finals never going to end	1
how can i not fall for someone who looks perfect even when crying ? 	1
good aftie eonni!	0
reading all my messages and realizing i be saying some of the nicest shit off the drugs	0
thank the lord it aint my turn to carpool	0
kita hung up on us for her girlfriend co workers she better not call back	2
kita hung up on us for her girlfriend co workers she better not call back	4
just want someone who pays attention to me	1
ugh i do have to go get my car fixed i forgot i do gotta do some things	1
im handing in my resignation today	2
im handing in my resignation today	5
i loooveeeee when people look good with glasses	0
hi please 🇫️🇴️🇱️🇱️🇴️🇼️🇲️🇪️ if you see this & thank you for everything #littlemixpolskakonkurs i u	3
hi please 🇫️🇴️🇱️🇱️🇴️🇼️🇲️🇪️ if you see this & thank you for everything #littlemixpolskakonkurs i u	0
q fome	1
greys anatomy and chill sounds about right	0
3 consecutive days no load . 	0
gonna lay on my grandmas couch and watch snapchats for the rest of the day bc im depressed	1
right back at ya	0
im nt yr fan	2
im nt yr fan	4
im glad hes ok now! poor little boy!	0
already . 	2
#gameofthrones that episode tho unreal!!!!	3
17th - graduation 18th - party 23rd - florida life good b	0
it wont work i need to see the magic that is this video	1
follow:backhand_index_pointing_down::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::algeria:#دعوه_حب #souhilabenlachhab #كرواتيا #شرطه_دبي_٦٠عاما #نوعا_من_الصراحه	0
poor waitress .  .  .  probably late for an audition and missing one eyes eyelashes	3
need somebody to vent to	1
take and eat my body like its holy	0
#isupportthelgbtqcommunity because i support equality and love ,  lets show support	0
it took a whole year to finally admit to myself that this is not the job for me .  k . 	0
t-minus 1 week	5
i know! perhaps im the one who couldnt handle it	0
i know! perhaps im the one who couldnt handle it	0
its finna rain fuck why lord ? 	1
i definitely cant try that!!!	0
so esse role de moto mrm	0
gym was good today	0
she cut me off  ,  ouch  ,  my heart hurts  . 	0
she cut me off  ,  ouch  ,  my heart hurts  . 	1
happy birthday joy finally not a yp anymore .  enjoy and have a great one and see ya in school asap	0
i will do my best to keep u updated if you can sneak on twitter lol .  .  . stupid work getting in the way	2
so did the reds	0
wish i didnt start my twitter over i miss my followers oss	1
yea i kno im happy i still have it its clutch	1
remember our pic after we all got our nails i think it was for my b-day!	0
just have to wrap the league up in april so	0
my little brother just called me to tell me about his first time having sex	0
i rlly do miss playing sports	1
"lahat naman tayo maganda .  we are unique ,  we are rare . "	0
our boy just tied with giroud	3
our boy just tied with giroud	5
hey harry are your parents bakers ?  cuz they sure made a cutie pie! follow me ?  ?  i love you!! x12 , 103	0
i need to go to sleep . 	2
haha seriously .  its not like im going to be like this on a cooking day or building a fire in the stove anytime	0
haha seriously .  its not like im going to be like this on a cooking day or building a fire in the stove anytime	0
so fucking stupid	4
doubt that	0
welcome to domino’s tweet ordering! tweet #easyorder or to to start placing your easy order [15:46:45 edt]	0
i cut you off cause i had to .  i heard such and such done had you	2
i cut you off cause i had to .  i heard such and such done had you	4
i am going to be so pissed if i find my old ones when my new ones come in . 	2
i am going to be so pissed if i find my old ones when my new ones come in . 	4
its true we didnt get sean but atleast homegirl got tom	0
its true we didnt get sean but atleast homegirl got tom	1
not a gsw fan	2
not a gsw fan	4
its good and i been coolan fool hbu	0
save yoself an exit my mentions ill beat tf out of you little girl	0
save yoself an exit my mentions ill beat tf out of you little girl	0
love you too & leah	0
ive been wearing my new contact lenses for three days now but i still think i look weird without my glasses	4
heck yeaah and thank you	0
guess what were doing september 22nd	0
didnt seem to notice ill pat closer attention next time	0
thank youuuu	0
#np little mix - love me like you	0
its not much better here .  today was mega windy and kinda cold tbh	1
thats how i feel about green hate him	0
forgot to mention you look like tom from myspace in the first photo	0
alfred	0
being infantry and not being deployed feels so pointless	1
- ifwy some days cus you be having a lil attitude but youre cool af	0
james & steph	0
i miss	1
looking and applying for jobs can be so frustrating	1
looking and applying for jobs can be so frustrating	1
wow thats pretty sick .  .  .  make sure you get it as long as they provide you with what you need	3
reading the queuing live ticker .  so exciting!	0
about to make a smoothie	0
may sleep over ka din ? 	0
mutual janoskians ,  beau ,  kian and jc ,  beau 10 10	0
are all the european countries about to start shooting at each other again ?  nobody is explaining anything	1
sentence redundant oh well	0
put on a swim suit walk around like i work hard for this figure *head up high*	0
thats gonna be too cute	0
i know its a year in advance but better invite to birthday bash next summer! please because i will so be there	0
lmao you caught me	0
im done ,  youre savage . 	3
i cant believe i blacked out and passed out last night and was late to that concert i took a huge l	0
i wish my best friend would hmu more	2
i wish my best friend would hmu more	4
exactly mom  .  i love you	0
i dont like #eng but i like most of their players	2
i dont like #eng but i like most of their players	5
good morning	0
when he tries to re-enter my heart by singing me justin bieber songs	0
first half of 2016 flew by	3
first half of 2016 flew by	5
wow! follow caught me completely off guard .  xoxo	0
so heartbreaking .  i cannot believe it .  she was one of the first people i had ever found myself watching her youtube videos #ripchristina	1
so heartbreaking .  i cannot believe it .  she was one of the first people i had ever found myself watching her youtube videos #ripchristina	1
say youll remember me	3
cavs blocking all dis shit	1
certainly is! ive earnt my beer today too	0
6 types of niggas who u	2
woo exact dates im dead	0
wow so mature of you to joke about grimmies passing	2
s/o to all the girls that showed up with the big butts	1
omg that looks so good	1
happy birthday couldnt make it thru ssl season without	0
happy birthday couldnt make it thru ssl season without	0
feel like im about to explode	0
jgh from tara vape shop . 	0
this shit really got me mad	1
now people gonna say lebron aint take the last shot haters never go away	0
||i know who the next villain is	0
no one in my school should know about this fan acc but	0
lets play achaa game . 	3
am not!!! i just dont want the pressure to respond . 	1
who wants to do something tonight ? 	0
tryna spend allday w baby tomorrow i miss him	2
tryna spend allday w baby tomorrow i miss him	4
i wasnt expecting pap pictures wow im so shocked	5
i wish you perform your music in the states i would definitely come	1
i wish you perform your music in the states i would definitely come	4
hahaha really we got home slept all day and ordered it at about 11 last night we are still both rough	0
hahaha really we got home slept all day and ordered it at about 11 last night we are still both rough	1
i wanna play with yo not yo	0
girl i been actin up lol	1
what a babe	0
me too .  .  .  really feeling some type of way	1
i leave in 2 weeks to go to ny	1
big fucking single	0
someone help me clean out my closet	0
im here sayang	0
this kinda funny to me tho	0
happy birthday jishwa	0
kodak couldnt picture that but congrats smart ass	0
lion cubs are so cute!	0
i miss the pettiness man what happened	1
forever humble	0
i just wanna nap but i have to shower	1
ive been at the beach for so long today that now i feel like waves are hitting me even though im not in the water	1
all the bright places	1
lol damn ill back off then	2
lol damn ill back off then	4
let me do it honey	0
before we go is such a good movie	0
right ? ! im so happy for her i just know some good music finna come from this	1
i think im in slow classes	2
i think im in slow classes	4
gaganda ng comments about sa trailer ng imagine you and me . 	0
my man	0
best kind of "geddon" if you ask me!	0
the black one with baes perfect face on it! i high key wear the boombox shirt i made a lot . 	0
everyone go and follow an account to appreciate zayn! only positive vibes!	0
likeeeee im soooo scared even though im in the house now	1
everybody going to see the conjuring2 with their baes i hope all yall break up	2
everybody going to see the conjuring2 with their baes i hope all yall break up	4
im on ft with him and he put the phone down to hold the baby what about me	2
im on ft with him and he put the phone down to hold the baby what about me	4
denzel behave please	0
yachty voice so sexy . 	0
im not even mad at you  ;  im proud of you	0
paul rino is such a quisling . 	2
he .  took .  a .  selca .  from .  a .  fans .  phone .  okay .  i .  am .  okay . 	1
zaxbys been calling me	0
sorry i cant see through the fake	3
oh .  hi there . 	0
i have done it once .  and tjay was forever ago  .  like november .   .  .  yeah i remember .  havent been able to since	1
jusme	0
im going to be 50 and my mom will still not be over the fact that i have a tattoo	2
im going to be 50 and my mom will still not be over the fact that i have a tattoo	4
like a "son"  .  .  . get it  .  .  . "son" .  im here all week (unfortunalty)	0
in there somewhere	0
all these bitches walking around with no shoes on	4
my other half is in nyc until wednesday and my days are gonna be v boring	2
my other half is in nyc until wednesday and my days are gonna be v boring	4
hope you all had a good law day today #fir milenge	0
im that type of dude that will fall in love with a chick that he had a one night stand with	0
if i had a gf i would spoil her and rub her booty and play in her hair but these bitches are hoes cant wife that	0
if i had a gf i would spoil her and rub her booty and play in her hair but these bitches are hoes cant wife that	0
hi jai brooks from janoskians .  i love you so much sunshine .  follow me please .  this is my big dream .  x 372	0
hi jai brooks from janoskians .  i love you so much sunshine .  follow me please .  this is my big dream .  x 372	3
dont wna get up	1
see ya  .  .  dont forget to charge your laptop	0
have you decided what my prize is yet ?  or is it gonna be a surprise ? 	0
one day	0
out #dolantwinsnewvideo subscribe and give it a ilysm pls follow 1	0
deedee & nae got me doing this english final	0
its attitudes like this that make the march necessary	3
its attitudes like this that make the march necessary	5
so sweet .  .  .  cant cope #bbuk	3
deadliest shooting in us history ,  my heart is aching	1
im getting good at this texting back thing	0
good night to my other half gising ng maaga ha ?  bawal na ang laging late ,  senior na e i love you always xoxo	0
good night to my other half gising ng maaga ha ?  bawal na ang laging late ,  senior na e i love you always xoxo	1
just face timed me eating toast and peanut better .  our friendship will never change	0
finally leaving the park .  .  .  my feet and back hurt so bad	1
when she dont trip no mo  ,  she aint yo bxtch no mo . 	0
gonna need therapy before the season over #outlander	1
were planning this next weekend or something!!!	2
omg tyrion hand of the queen #gotfinale	0
omg tyrion hand of the queen #gotfinale	1
hahahah right  ?  ?  ?  ?  and didnt kiseop get like a really expensive car just recently #더쇼 #유키스	0
bloke at bus stop this morning was using an electronic cigarette .  think it mustve been "blueberry vomit" flavour	4
mainly because i dont care	0
what makes you think we have nukes that can only hit india ?  ? 	0
like somebody really killed her .  .  smh rip beautiful soul	1
sugar how u get so fly	0
up / #wedonttalkanymore / #youknowyoulikeit #you…	0
up / #wedonttalkanymore / #youknowyoulikeit #you…	3
forreal i need to	0
cute!	0
it dont hurt like it used to	0
lemme see if these people are sleeping	0
i want a margarita	1
corkscrew nose rings are the devil had me picking my nose for like 10 minutes	0
that shit looks like hair . 	1
im not used to wearing my rubber bands but i need to start wearing them everyday	1
no one takes my advice	0
i still like that acronym .  .  .  since vaping ends smoking! how perfect!	0
my wife and hilda are both crazy about them . going mad here watching them at glastonbury	0
char you are perfect! have you seen your avi ? 	0
my dads leaving to work as soon as i get home	1
my feelings dead ass hurt	2
my feelings dead ass hurt	4
the fact my friends used to call my bro big flythe	0
he hit the dougie on a burnin house .  .  .  tf then smiled on the stretcher	0
hi sophie .  ive been handing out for you at prepoll this week - i love your logo! good luck	0
yum! enjoy and enjoy the show! #thechallengerivals3	0
yum! enjoy and enjoy the show! #thechallengerivals3	0
idk what kind i want though	1
i read that as zac needs to get his hot ass to the uk	0
#growingupwithmyname is it really that fucking hard to pronounce 2 os hooper not hopper gd	4
thats sick! damn .  so hollywood	3
hi please 🇫️🇴️🇱️🇱️🇴️🇼️🇲️🇪️ if you see this & thank you for everything #littlemixpolskakonkurs i u	3
hi please 🇫️🇴️🇱️🇱️🇴️🇼️🇲️🇪️ if you see this & thank you for everything #littlemixpolskakonkurs i u	0
loool fuck you for this	0
seeing finding dory tonight .  .  .  . for the second time	0
ik i already saw her today but i almost cried when she ran past me after her workouts is tough and idec what anyone says	1
be prepared for some pain	0
ughh cassidy why so epal	2
ughh cassidy why so epal	4
same	1
leaving the tap in whilst cleaning your #teeth potentially wastes 12 litres of water every time you brush which should be 2 x daily  .  .  . 	5
got mama hooked on greys	0
wanna test your self control ?  go get 59 bug bites and try not to scratch them	1
shit bar	2
who is down to watch civil war with me again ,  on me	0
wishing i was watching finding dory right now but instead im doing chem homework . 	1
gotchu	0
as much as i smoke ,  im surprised ive never dated a chick who does! all my exs used to be like "all you do is smoke and im like yup	0
as much as i smoke ,  im surprised ive never dated a chick who does! all my exs used to be like "all you do is smoke and im like yup	1
as much as i smoke ,  im surprised ive never dated a chick who does! all my exs used to be like "all you do is smoke and im like yup	1
make it herzchen then	0
42 .  i like to sing but im terrible	0
i was gone be super bitter and start the baby dad slander off early	0
gotta get him the costume	0
you could totally end ks and give maichard cute hosting duties together and we would not complain .  #aldub…	0
bro idek what happened last night barely remember real life cant smoke wit them no moreeee	1
planning on seeing in tacoma with lets hope it works out aha	3
its amazing how i finished three books in three days	1
" im always good ,  like grandmas cookies . " #thatoldweezy . 	0
saw a corn dog at pier 39 was too lazy to get a photo with you ,  so i admired from a far hope you have fun in the windy city .  x	0
im fin to	0
i can imagine . 	0
hoe you off some crack aint you	0
which government ? 	2
which government ? 	4
idc idc im graduating w/ my innocents ! thats a promise i gotta keep  . 	0
idc idc im graduating w/ my innocents ! thats a promise i gotta keep  . 	0
thanks girl ,  but this is like a year old im thicker than a snicker now	0
thanks girl ,  but this is like a year old im thicker than a snicker now	0
i should be letting my phone charge but instead im looking at makeup nothing	0
lmfao lets get it #thepussygetterwatch #theidontpullgrasswatch #thewatchwatch #slicahwatch	1
want oomf	0
i wanna go to the puerto rican parade	1
thanks a whole bunch for following me!! #teamfollowback	0
when he leaned over when he ice skated during the night changes mv	0
being perfectly content is probably one of the best feelings in the world	0
dudes be knowing they cute asl after a fresh cut	2
dudes be knowing they cute asl after a fresh cut	4
i really hate being apart from my baby	1
youd better check with he may have ip/copyright issues #buddingentrepreneur	0
- i remember one day at school you made this weird ass voice & i could not stop laughing btw you have a beautiful family	0
when my bestfriend tells me "you wont do shit"  .  .  .  like watch me bitch	2
we used to be super close idk what happened but youre so nice and cool and it was nice seeing you yesterday	2
we used to be super close idk what happened but youre so nice and cool and it was nice seeing you yesterday	1
damn country girl af	0
us too!! its all about snapchat! happy snapping!	0
moody	2
moody	4
i dont get that much light time at the day and its depressing	1
dont ever act like its more than it is .  dont play yourself . 	4
layover at la .  phoenix here i come	0
youre one of my mains ily and imy cant wait till june 27!	0
dont even bother me	1
dont even bother me	4
hi how are you ?  hope youre fine todays my birthday & all i wish for is your follow! mind following me ?  • 1 , 900	0
hi how are you ?  hope youre fine todays my birthday & all i wish for is your follow! mind following me ?  • 1 , 900	0
paris ditched me to go sleep w my parents	1
when you say it ,  it starts with "gavel , " like a judge bangs .  it should be gal-ves-ton . 	0
i miss yaz but honey only loves m as nina .  .  sad life	1
this summer so lame	1
god bless . 	0
peep the start and lets go see it	0
freddie is louiss son and he has a gf named danielle	0
i eat pack of noodles 24/7  ,  cup of noodles 24/7 all i eat is noodles all day everyday i wanna be big so bad shit not working yo	0
please punch me in the face if my laugh is ever that annoying	0
lmao yo my family would be ready to fight	1
ok its getting a little vicious outside	3
ok its getting a little vicious outside	5
i wanted my nipples pierced but im nervous about it	1
its too late for me ,  but yolo . 	0
i will lift us his name  , higher #thanksgivingdercice #rccgpromisedland #sundayservice	0
yall just some hoes	0
me too	3
#lrt honestly the fandom is smtms scary	4
ima make way back there fa him	0
can i go home now ? 	0
niggas love fw hoes	0
i hate doing my nails without my bestfriend	1
if i decide to stop fxcking w/ you ,  dont come back .  . cuz ion want you back	0
damn im not trying to have this surgery	1
lol what	0
i really gotta go to sleep ,  suppose to be up by 6	1
red wine is always a good idea even on a school night! enjoy	0
dunno what happened .  heard your alright tho thank god .  .  visit 4coffee 1 day soon ?  know i could use it .  my treat . 	3
jaden needs to wake up .  i feel like annoying him again	0
dont laugh	2
dont laugh	4
but in reality theyre trying to achieve this because thats what america really wants to see  .  . 	2
but in reality theyre trying to achieve this because thats what america really wants to see  .  . 	4
so many audience members are chatting rubbish for claps #euref #bbcqt	0
an a-mazing audience!! 1st prv down . felt the #potterhead family love . still cant believe i get to be part of this	0
gorgeous!	0
captain of england - more like of england	0
captain of england - more like of england	4
my sister opened my twenty one pilots tickets	2
my sister opened my twenty one pilots tickets	4
and then i saw that iyam movie poster .  .  .  and i think more of jamaine haha kakilig sila! #jamaineacknowledged	0
game 6 in cleveland	3
#pagcollegekana welcome to hell	0
design podcasts on the way to work	0
lol i have a deepthroat sore throat from yesterday it makes me feel happy	0
its a cruel feeling when you want to do what is best for your dog & you cant communicate with them	1
soo awake after the nap i just took	0
rasanyala .  .  haha .  this is based on my memory .  if u want a more precise recipe ,  need to ask guru	0
not sure whats more annoying ,  glen hoddle or my gnat bites! #svkeng	1
blessedt	1
so drake decided to drop by unannounced	1
thats what i thought nigga	2
hahaha he does lmao like wtf you doing	0
omg not to much you may scare them to death ,  dont forget there super trained lol	0
i fw my same hos ion trust these newbies	3
bacc to my asshole ways lets start giggin!	2
i do miss my old masters they were great role players but never talk anymore . 	1
tbh i miss you so much and you are so pretty hopefully we will see eachother soon love ya	2
tbh i miss you so much and you are so pretty hopefully we will see eachother soon love ya	0
they had mertesacker at the back ffs	0
sao jaooooo .  thats a better option . 	0
would love to wash this bbq food down with a beer ,  but i have to collect from the airport	1
ready to get slayed i look like i just got shocked	0
ready to get slayed i look like i just got shocked	0
2 djs outside party + inside party july 1st its lit #thepurgecklanedition	0
california love .  its the best!	0
come on the #czechs! #cechy #ceska #espcze	0
back at u babe	0
if you think you wanna watch this drama ,  go and watch it .  cerita ni kelakar i swear .  semua bongok nak mati .  i love their friendship more	0
dont call me one and only  ,  just call me when you get lonely	0
// syd the mf kid in this bih you wild as hell ma and you cute when u wanna be mean as hell 24/7 thoe	0
// syd the mf kid in this bih you wild as hell ma and you cute when u wanna be mean as hell 24/7 thoe	0
this his song	0
its soo ironic ,  cause i really been thinking about him all week	1
good luck ? 	0
everything you do doesnt need to be seen or heard	3
everything you do doesnt need to be seen or heard	3
not doing anything today im chilling	1
i miss watching basketball na .  .  .  especially watching pba & watching my favorite teams .  #starhotshots #rainorshine ang boring kasi eh!	1
i miss watching basketball na .  .  .  especially watching pba & watching my favorite teams .  #starhotshots #rainorshine ang boring kasi eh!	3
yo hygiene a mtf you posed to stay smelling right especially when you got a nigga with money thats what he likeeee	0
a kiss on the forehead is one of the sweetest things in the world	0
keown and savage having beef	0
lol cutest thing ever	0
i like it	0
someone talk to me	1
i really dont feel well .  emergency appointment with my doc .  not til tomorrow night .  earliest i can get there #chronichealthproblems	1
he calls me beautiful every 5 minutes	0
yes ,  indeed!	1
playrpe [help rt] were new agency with throwback to 2012 concept .  fix uname ,  all star ,  tg allowed cek our fav for more	0
wishing my ko the best of luck	0
because of you i smile a lot more ,  because of you i am happier .  thank you for all that you do & have done .  love you lots!	0
me & birthday start friday end on the 31	0
the funny thing is youve probably supported johnson since before a lot of them and u support both jacks not just johnson	0
amen . 	2
amen . 	4
i spoil my nieces so much ima go broke spoiling my daughter in the future	0
i spoil my nieces so much ima go broke spoiling my daughter in the future	1
this gretzky thing is so sad he says so many great things about gordie this makes me so sad #9forever	1
this gretzky thing is so sad he says so many great things about gordie this makes me so sad #9forever	1
my stomach hurts	0
happy birthday to my bffl!!! i miss you and i hope youre doing well ily	0
lmfao mane	1
where ? 	3
all she wanted was to take a pic but now she gettin hit	0
but i bend i dont break i dont ask i take	0
im not really 18 .  .  im 16	1
seeing the conjuring at a drive in was a mistake	1
seeing the conjuring at a drive in was a mistake	5
thank you for asking .  i have a very contended day .  worked for 4 hours enjoyed the sun  .  .  .  cant complain	0
globalization cant be explained well b/c the ppl explaining are ,  for the most part ,  covered in bs . 	0
globalization cant be explained well b/c the ppl explaining are ,  for the most part ,  covered in bs . 	4
so excited to meet you guys in amsterdam!!	0
idk how ima survive summer school  .  im late half the time	2
idk how ima survive summer school  .  im late half the time	5
thnx ,  love you . 	0
lol were crazy	0
ill leave that one up to yourself as long as you get your flute out when you score tomorrow night big lad	0
basically & 11:15 !	0
i can retweet myself now	0
diary of an accidental wallflower	0
you already know thanks tho	2
haluuuuv	3
haluuuuv	5
#growingupwithablackmom fix your face before i fix it for you !	1
im loving my ponytail i been wearing	0
conflict cannot continue without your participation	2
conflict cannot continue without your participation	0
#lol thats looking cute ßut little less cute than u .  .  .  alright then #goodnight enjoy the moon & stars #takecare	0
#lol thats looking cute ßut little less cute than u .  .  .  alright then #goodnight enjoy the moon & stars #takecare	0
wish i could be taken care of for once	1
not funny his music is just now hitting	1
i love this band so much	1
hymn for the weekend setting the weekend vibesss	0
pero i look like	0
pero i look like	4
slightly super excited today is wednesday	2
eh bt4ag3y abo thiago	0
rose just broke up wimme	1
islandia ?  ? 	1
one to rock one to stock one to take pics of and one to look at #need!	1
exactly one month remaining for my birthday .  yessssss	0
lol  ,  for him i am	0
i love carey and his craziness	3
it really does dude	1
pilates class got way better when the radio started playing	0
yes please	0
i dont deserve anymore	0
i am a sinner whos probably gonna sin again lord forgive me	1
im the trapp god you tryna look	1
im the trapp god you tryna look	4
im the trapp god you tryna look	0
im the trapp god you tryna look	2
im so tired its not even funny	0
okay good .  .  . were getting there .  .  . but how about those eat to the beat dates ? 	0
they both gorgeous mashaallah	0
i am so sleepy i wanna go home	1
we bout to eat	2
thank you so much!	1
tomorrow is the day	0
i want a pita pizza	1
im just now realizing im in ur avi	0
i miss my bestfrienn ready for her to come here  ,  this 7 hrs away shiit so dead dawwg	2
this is my last summer here in sarasota . 	0
just when ya think #wynonnaearp fans couldnt b anymore brilliant .  .  .  they go & do something like this h…	0
back to ohio today	1
my back hurt so bad its going to my stomach!!!!	1
my back hurt so bad its going to my stomach!!!!	1
love looking up at that score box	0
goss in from xmas island ,  watch this space .  seems peter dutton is well prepared to repel foreign invaders	0
ive started watching it now	0
bought this cute dress today and didnt even get to wear it	1
ironic to see elders voted for the exit because they worry about their future .  they ,  who least years will live	2
ironic to see elders voted for the exit because they worry about their future .  they ,  who least years will live	4
no you didnt	0
doyle never makes mistakes or ride hard as you see #hepullthedummyyesterday	0
doyle never makes mistakes or ride hard as you see #hepullthedummyyesterday	3
this sounds like a dream come true! lets make it happen . 	1
i love it	0
never met one so similar	0
haha shes my friend now ,  she pops in to say hi to me every now and again ,  you know how it is ,  trolls these days . 	0
i dont think ive ever been so ready to have my nails and eyebrows done . 	1
its warm but chucking it down here	1
hey hey happy birthday hehe enjoy ur day okie haha good luck tomorrow im always here for you ayt love youuu	0
hey hey happy birthday hehe enjoy ur day okie haha good luck tomorrow im always here for you ayt love youuu	0
piece of cake .  your is coming in 45-60 mins .  watch ton at 9/8c on #guiltpromotion	2
chupa ramsay!! #gameofthrones	2
done . 	0
dont ask god for signs if youre just gonna turn into ray charles when he sends them your way	0
lmfaooo didnt mess up your day so its all good let them deal with it	1
over the past two seasons ,  there was no need for me to	1
thanks jamie!	0
i always ask for a description	0
ive felt like complete shit all day . 	4
mi tocca votare la first row	0
college people always do the better stop those sororities be looking at u like okay man tbh get in one dont get in one still be me	0
why is twitter letting people their own shit now all its gonna be is ugly girls rting their selfies tryna get more li…	1
get readiiiiii	0
i love you too babe! talk to mee sometime ,  i miss your gorgeous face	0
its such a good day to sleep today .  splendid	0
my heart is in many pieces	1
haha yes!!! thats why ive always found this to be a good conversation-starter . 	0
y would they kill her #oitnb	1
got a new bathing suit today	0
gets plastered all over facebook all the time	0
gets plastered all over facebook all the time	4
congrats!!! post grad life is really the struggle but the glo up is so close i can almost taste it	2
impractical jokers is funny asf to me	0
yes man	1
some men will shame a woman with body hair but wont wax their hairy ass cracks	3
im sorry maam  ,  but i dont believe weve met !	0
i have serious #fomo after that email! please can i work on sundays again ?  i can skype!	0
gol de #ita #euro2016	1
missing pet posters break my heart i always take a second to think about the family missing them & hope theyre okay	1
when people start acting different on social media but in person they a whole diff person ahh ok	0
that suits it perfectly!	0
just looking to vape	0
wtf thats annoying af  .  .  im so salty	2
wtf thats annoying af  .  .  im so salty	4
wtf thats annoying af  .  .  im so salty	1
sleep with one eye open	2
sleep with one eye open	5
game 7 lets go	2
(in bobdylanvoice) crossing off kevins chores	0
i never understood why people go through each others phones .  you might as well break up if you feel the need to do that	2
i never understood why people go through each others phones .  you might as well break up if you feel the need to do that	4
almost dropped my phone	0
almost dropped my phone	5
its always best to move on someone who treats you bad even if you have hard feelings for the kid	1
its always best to move on someone who treats you bad even if you have hard feelings for the kid	4
its always best to move on someone who treats you bad even if you have hard feelings for the kid	1
happy fathers day to me  .  .  nah im jp	0
thank you ate pewl luvyutoo	0
i trust u baby	3
i swear dominican moms only talk to they kids about the most negative shit	0
shelby tooted	0
youre going to look so cute !	0
happy jadine day to you too ms . jp .  will powervote later for nadz .  have a great day ahead .  god bless!	0
had to delete thats was to much	0
maybe your food wasnt bad then .  oh my goodness to this day i remember how bad it was .  they even over cooked hot dogs!	0
what a coincidence!	0
family comes first	0
miss	1
super	0
but you are in my dms so hush  . 	0
oh hell yeah .  i dont like sleep though so i dont like others to sleep either	0
1st month of school .  but it feels like hell month . 	1
off july 1-4 and couldnt be more excited about it	0
england left eu ,  cameron resigned ,  trump and clinton nominated ,  oil slumped ,  all thats missing is a war	1
love is like dew that falls on both nettles and lilies .  follow #aldubtrumpets	3
thanks boo	0
also ben arfa is missing ,  surely better than martial	2
also ben arfa is missing ,  surely better than martial	4
wish i wouldve knew was in houston	4
somebody order me a pizza	1
until july 4 i panicked	0
i want something to do tonight . 	1
youre the most ,  but i love you	0
" really hate to be there til the very end & get shitted on  ,  ima feel like shit cause i couldve shitted "	1
so how does it feel stepping over green ? 	0
everyone will forget about this in a couple of days when the football is back #priorities	0
what does wyd mean ?  ? 	3
what does wyd mean ?  ? 	5
thanks bby big help love you	1
cause i got that sunshine in my pocket .  got that good soul in my feet .  .  . 	0
i already be knowing wassup with people i just play dumb	0
yay! fucking yay yay yay!!! im gonna see halfdan (my horse) today! im exited ! havent seen him for 2 weeks now . 	0
yay! fucking yay yay yay!!! im gonna see halfdan (my horse) today! im exited ! havent seen him for 2 weeks now . 	0
look at you im not even talking about her	1
hey! never a bad thing for y&r to bring on a new pretty face .  and ,  u definitely are pretty .  .  .  hope ull be around for a while . 	0
we missed you	1
im so tired of being put on the back burner with everyone	1
love you bea haha	0
f1 is so underrated x	1
thanks to everyone that wished me well yesterday gods blessings	0
makes two of us	0
stomach ache + fever = insomniac !	1
im sorry	1
im sorry	5
happy birthday & hope you guys have a good day! love and miss you	0
its play time for you guys! we are honored to be your date night destination	0
this bitch	0
we love you #mtvawardsstar zayn	0
finally coming out with new music soon #sns	0
saeed is with mr .  tharp for two week and ive never been more jealous in my life	1
i cant wait to come back to texas	0
40k steps so far today ,  funnily enough taking the bus back!	0
when your ez-pass & victoria secrets things are in the mail	0
netflix & chilln	0
sleepy naman	1
a girl just walked into the dentist office and her name is selena	0
like doesnt that kind of defeat the purpose of a highlighter .  .  .  ? 	3
the fact hit me so hard	1
when he brings you food ka id say hubby him but hold on to that babe #goodmorning	0
when he brings you food ka id say hubby him but hold on to that babe #goodmorning	0
when he brings you food ka id say hubby him but hold on to that babe #goodmorning	0
when he brings you food ka id say hubby him but hold on to that babe #goodmorning	0
when he brings you food ka id say hubby him but hold on to that babe #goodmorning	5
thank you ty	0
i stg lmao .  i was instantly shitty as hell .  this humidity aint no hoe	1
this heat aint for everybody	1
you ever feel like you never really knew the person you thought was closest to you	0
thanks tiff hope youve improved your tea making	0
thanks tiff hope youve improved your tea making	0
preach isa lets hope so	0
i just stubbed my baby toe!!! twice!!!	1
i use to be so crazy over this certain somebody im so happy i got over that feeling	0
lovely ,  showed paige the difference between red tail + tree yesterday - im sure she thinks im mad	0
lol who actually gives a shit anymore ?  not i . 	4
but i shaved my legs for the first time in forever and i forgot how nice it feels against my fleece blanket!	0
how does anyone even mess up this hard	1
how does anyone even mess up this hard	5
just seen this fat stupid bitch i very very very much dont like i couldve ran into the front of her car	1
niggas is ball hogs at the wrong times .  cant everybody be kobe	2
niggas is ball hogs at the wrong times .  cant everybody be kobe	4
i completely get you i even nod my head and smile periodically	0
happy birthday! i sincerely wish for bts to continue making music as a group for as long as they could . :red_heart:️:red_heart:️:red_heart:️:red_heart:️:red_heart:️:red_heart:️:red_heart:️	0
speaking of multicams ,  i need to stop cattin off & get me a pair .  i only put on the uniform once a month now so its not like i need a lot	0
did someone tell you that #twitter is aka the #complaint forum .  .  .  . 	0
if somebody tweet "my header&gt ; &gt ; &gt ; " im going see	0
follow me ily	1
girl	0
girl	1
girl	1
girl	3
girl	5
#yawha and my legendary typos	0
from what ive heard of him you probably can have him	0
its true though	0
i wear a 5 1/2 in rings if anybody was wondering	0
cant believe how fast weekends gone just wanna do it agen	1
countin so much money that my fingers	1
i can make you nice and naughty like a devil and angel too got a heart and soul and body lets see what this love can do	0
thanks! falta tanto	1
thanks! falta tanto	4
whilst tweeting that i missed my bus because i was tweeting about the bus stop	2
whilst tweeting that i missed my bus because i was tweeting about the bus stop	4
its my best friends birthday hes finally 21!	0
staying at my parents really makes me miss living home	1
of all ppl that wants to be w me ,  ure da only person i wanna be with	1
#veranomtv2016 5 seconds of summer	1
gah thug it out then	3
the secret service! what a film! just amazing	5
talk less listen more	3
hi tet in september i am send arnhem ,  i am very happy i will meet the gelredome and go to a party vites…	0
where did all these coldplay fans come from and how do i block them all #okaytheyhave2goodsongs	3
youre in maryland and i am too ,  nice to now we are breathing the same air	0
today i want cr7 goal	0
bout to fade mansfield  .  no one tryna come with me tho	1
one series ,  three books ,  24 hours .  my head hurts . 	0
i went to a private school and they put me ahead but went to public after third grade thank god! and ew	4
still cant	0
breathtaking #batanes .  really ,  it is so hard not to fall #inlove .  this instant weekend #getaway is what i need in my life #atm .  #home	0
i wish i was that girl to post a pic of a nigga thats tryna talk to me & ask everybody if they fw him & if nobody say none ill fw him	0
en route cardiff for my last few days .  .  .  cant wait to not have to do this journey again	1
wish i requested this at cafe lula on monday .  its one of my favorites & not too old like sycamore tree! lol	0
ohh wow and wassup	0
looool gassed arent ye	0
i need a and family celebration picture . 	0
yo ass always doing some shit	0
pride chicken	0
i was given the aux cord but 95 . 9% of the music i have is not age appropriate for my sister like im ready for this car ride to be over	1
thanks boo	0
so happy i have a day off school	0
whatre you waiting for though ? 	3
same! ng+ and still have it on	0
i was knocked out for the night by 9:30 .  .  .  . thats wild	0
love it when you call me baby	0
thank you ,  your response means so much to me .  i deserve to be around true friends . 	0
i was supposed to be moved out by now but the homie dnt wanna move cities like oookaaaayy	1
yeah he sent me the picture and everything	0
poos always a winner haha thanks	0
id written a list on all the observations i had to do and everything ,  the one time i genuinely want to do it i cant	0
lol thats what i said & hello jonah came	0
long distance sucks	1
sounds a lot like gryffindor	5
omg thanks g	0
they sleeping on me	0
this is so cute	1
i think des is the only person who knows who i actually fw mfs stay hating but never say shit unless its thru a text	0
i think des is the only person who knows who i actually fw mfs stay hating but never say shit unless its thru a text	0
this weather makes me wish i had a boo	1
i keep getting bloody noses today . 	1
im really hungry	2
y u aint been at school	0
sinus headaches be too real	1
i look just like my pops sometimes	3
i look just like my pops sometimes	5
why my co-worker just tell me im having an early mid-life crisis	0
i have 250 love go first on account in bio ! i will give extra follows tell me when ur done	0
thats not tony . 	2
youll see just wait	0
my idea of flirting is being sacrastic as humanly possible and seeing if you can handle it . 	0
rahim khan just told me everything .  .  hassan .  .  died .  and he is my brother .  . 	5
official goals	0
lmao girl you funny	0
my best friend out the hospital	0
yup not sleeping tonight #conjuring	0
i took my daily nap at the time i usually wake up and now imma be up all night	0
lol yoo its going to be lit af  ,  you will be playing with a pro	0
so ,  i just watched me before you .  not sure if i have a stone for a heart but it did not make me cry .  not even a little bit	0
wish i was off today	1
from mfn cleveeeeeeeeeland hahaha thanks boo	0
from mfn cleveeeeeeeeeland hahaha thanks boo	0
from mfn cleveeeeeeeeeland hahaha thanks boo	0
dude thats gonna rip so good	0
thank you!	0
thats not good lol im eating an apple	3
thats not good lol im eating an apple	5
"you know .  i think im such a hottie .  .  . and then i see a picture of myself and .  .  . not so much" —lawson	0
#ripchristina  .  .  . mad world we live in .  .  . 	1
jfa na!	0
yall got toooo many friends must be nice to have friends tho	0
i miss craig and bam but i know they aint ready for me yet	1
happy birthday little bro! big 80 today en tout cas c gâté! one love papitou	0
happy birthday little bro! big 80 today en tout cas c gâté! one love papitou	0
ever after high dolls please esp raven queens hahaha	0
dolls #wynonnaearp	1
yaa ,  i know dat	0
lost my license	1
tell me about it ,  hasta insomnio me dio	3
aww shucks thanks hanner!	0
im gonna miss you more thank you though you guys gave me a good start to this summer	0
im gonna miss you more thank you though you guys gave me a good start to this summer	1
ofc the messages say other wise but hey	0
hey twitter	0
crabbe has the cheek to talk about his values ,  a man who thinks homosexuality ,  is a disease which can be cured ,  ffs	3
crabbe has the cheek to talk about his values ,  a man who thinks homosexuality ,  is a disease which can be cured ,  ffs	5
feel bad for whoever talks otp w me when im sleepy because when im tired all i do is talk && laugh	0
only just come out of my parklife comma	3
foul	0
i dont like this feeling	1
i dont like this feeling	4
i dont wanna work on the 4th	1
damn	0
i see is an ass ,  and i say so all the time .  hes still in wisconsin	1
counting down the minutes	1
 ,  no zire she said she be doing that	0
 ,  no zire she said she be doing that	1
so wasssup tl  ? 	3
its on its way . 	0
happy birthday !!	0
lol but you know i dont have friends sooooooo a group may be determined	0
so much fun hanging out with friends at dave and busters . 	0
happy birthday!!	0
battlefront servers are down	1
you did!!!!	3
you did!!!!	5
thanks bby	0
all the t in me & chats b unbelievable	1
-throwback days to elementary -always good vibes with you -been beautiful	0
i will let you win this round .  it wont be this easy next time ,  mr .  bigwig sir	0
home alone again and again!	1
sun day a	0
ive had the same number for try last 10 years .  . makes me to accessible to the wrong people like	2
ive had the same number for try last 10 years .  . makes me to accessible to the wrong people like	4
a nipple ?  omg the world must be ending .  its not like its something that every single human being has .  .  . 	3
ashton ,  harry & lauren went to see finding dory this melts my heart i hope theyre enjoying their time together ht…	0
me everyday . 	0
cant decide on what to drink tonight can someone just tell me	1
yalll are hilarious	0
im gonna have to tweet yall a pic of these maryland cleats . 	0
aur fun kahaan madam ,  i just said hi & parrot turned into angry bird	1
aur fun kahaan madam ,  i just said hi & parrot turned into angry bird	5
heyy you spelled your name wrong	3
yall be lurking	0
we have a winner	0
idk about yall but ive been having the best summer	0
im tied of you tony ,  t . i . e . d!	0
for real tho	0
aww:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:she is so adorable happy birthday northie kim i wish the best for your beautiful family	0
aww:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:she is so adorable happy birthday northie kim i wish the best for your beautiful family	0
aww:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:she is so adorable happy birthday northie kim i wish the best for your beautiful family	0
you never saw finding nemo	5
a cute small animal always #getsunwantedattention from me	0
will definitely wear heels tomorrow	0
#7mile #run donedid for a bubble bath and get my pjs on	0
i need ice	1
florida nice n all but its 95 and its not even noon	4
lol that was really savage!	0
yall be tripping	0
hey guys ,  did you know that smiles are contagious ? 	0
look all my friends who wanna be doctors n shit one day .  .  call me if u need a lawyer bc im going into medical malpractice law	0
sweet dreams	0
and now im gunna eat a bunch of food	0
this is intense	1
yes!! you should probably listen to illisia , 	0
new phone ,  finally . 	0
we got rid of our wii u recently ,  and im only keeping my ds in the chance i may decide to play animal crossing again	0
come visit me at the north face at tanger outlets today and watch me attempt to sell you something ,  bet i could surprise ya	0
today was such a mess fml	0
(asks me about future plans that he wants us to do together) i gotta go my own way	0
only reason im not hypin khalin is because of finals dont need her gettin herself in trouble	1
if anyone just getting in from work  , wales lost 2-1 and england are top of the group	1
 . @bibliophile23 i got em! thx!	0
did u see my tweets	1
hahaha perfect i wish you all the best	0
i seriously dont wanna be fucking bothered	1
where you at ? 	1
fuck off	2
high school graduation is cool and all but life just gets so much harder after that	0
thanks pat!!	0
i use to feel like a lil kid getting tossed around when they played "move bitch mo mo mo move bitch" at the parties	1
just sad .  .  . 	1
good question idk	1
we aint nothing but good friends so stop asking	0
my girl that left me i miss you girl always laughing and joking with you	0
my girl that left me i miss you girl always laughing and joking with you	0
my girl that left me i miss you girl always laughing and joking with you	0
my girl that left me i miss you girl always laughing and joking with you	1
goodnight kirsty sweet dreams	0
youre absolutely right	0
when your girlfriend gets taco bell and doesnt get you some	1
its so fkn hot i cant sleep	4
the height of summer haha	0
i dont get it	1
i have a feeling youre right about that	0
4 weeks	1
i want a visit to ventnor when yall are down please and thank you	0
you okay babe ? 	1
lmao you already know	0
skal to the kentucky suns! remains in the first round!	0
same dude the view at the top was definitely worth it though!	0
and u are already annoyed ? 	0
i cant see how people put on make up everyday	1
too much on my plate for me to handle . 	1
oh we did ,  thank you!	0
talking about holidays gets me sooooooooo excited	0
you the shit baby	0
wait ,  that was why everyone voted #leave	0
i know	0
goal for 2017 3 , 000 twitter followers and 2 , 000 subscribes on youtube	0
well played and thank god for the red button	0
atlanta about to be lit this weekend	1
my middle brother turned 25 today my twin getting up there	1
lol you must have the wrong girl jace i quit after freshman year	0
i really want 4th of july to get here already	0
alexis is such a monster #mexvchi	1
i cant get no ,  satisfaction	0
i cant get no ,  satisfaction	1
but i never	1
game of thrones already got next season figured out	3
i was stuck between naked 1 or 3 ,  but went with 3 literally a few hours id been thinking about it	0
i was stuck between naked 1 or 3 ,  but went with 3 literally a few hours id been thinking about it	0
happy birthday from france	0
happy birthday from france	0
thank you for making me a better person you bring so much love & positivity into my please follow x13 , 437	0
thank you for making me a better person you bring so much love & positivity into my please follow x13 , 437	0
i hate when people stare	2
aint no thang gurl	0
youre so sweet ily	1
why does this class have to be 3 hours long	1
im honestly not looking forward working on the 4th  ,  its gone be hella stressful	1
almost paranoia/anxiety balled up on the floor but cleaned my apartment instead! my skin is on fire	0
you go bitch	0
she just be talking love with her man	0
hate being home its so danm boring! if i had my car i would not be here right now	1
also ,  its not like youre being forced to pay / attend ?  ?  ? 	0
i believe in what goes around comes around so i would hate to see how your future turns out	1
ok .  i thought she was gonna run to me first	1
ok .  i thought she was gonna run to me first	1
loving this years big brother after mine and big bro marathon today another crazy house	0
has an opinion on politics it must be serious	1
has an opinion on politics it must be serious	3
i have so much anger in me towards certain things i really need to let that go	1
this is soooo funny	0
i want to so bad	0
ew .  why even would you try that	4
just caught up on some vlogs and comments ,  1hr later time to get some work done i guess #vlogcatchup	0
if you dont smoke or drink ,  good for you .  .  .  youre not better than anybody else . 	0
not in developing countries	0
why am i wasting my time	0
goodnight	0
looks like a perfect dinner dress!!	2
what i be thinking when i do half the shit i do  ? 	1
always excited to see you mwah xxx	0
my mom lit she said we busting heads	0
ice cream sandwiches &gt ; &gt ; 	0
youre welcome	0
i love baby sitting	0
our pleasure	0
really needed that talk	0
we gone go get tacos soon	0
respire!!!	5
- waddup rich but are you fu ?  lol sike nah you my nigga you know how we rock	0
i feel like me and are those social media best friends that everyone is talking about	0
fuck thats so funny to me goodnight	0
i dont remember him being that much of a dickhead when i did hairdressing with him #littledivas	3
quality comeback fight from tonight! and repping brixton putting us on the map!	0
i know	1
lol we lowkey friends by association of twitter we relate so much  .  but u cute girl and ya hair 4everrr slayeddd	0
yeah it creeps me out ,  cant sleep but an unforgettable experience too . 	0
 .  .  . kudos for leaving it this late though .  thats some serious poker playing . 	0
baddest in the building	0
we just left walmart	0
oh gotta blast	0
i think should name her daughter kim or ren haha jk! whatever they name her it will be just as beautiful as her	0
happy birthday gbu & tc	0
just cause #eng are out of the euros doesnt mean ill stop watching it just a little heads up  ; )	0
i lowkey feel like im 30 lol thank you tho!	0
sleep schedule all types of fucked up	1
wait till someone offers you a emoji cookie at a conference	0
wait till someone offers you a emoji cookie at a conference	4
didnt take one damn picture last night	0
been reading jamille fumahs stories	1
whatd you buy ?  ? 	0
tired of doing these long ass hours	1
maaaaa dude	2
i feel incomplete	1
i could eat mashed potatoes and rolls all day long	0
i tried	2
i tried	5
unique is as unique does .  .  .  fly with the crows and yer a crow .  .  .  avoid them and you are unique .  .  . 	0
this salad is life	0
hoes always wanna be seen .  gotta post every move they make with a nigga who aint posting a bitch ass thing about them nor claiming them . 	2
hoes always wanna be seen .  gotta post every move they make with a nigga who aint posting a bitch ass thing about them nor claiming them . 	4
buzzed up so you know whats next	0
lmao i know i know i got it from you my freaky filter disappear after 1	0
every time i read articles by cklal ji ,  i get this pendulum feeling	0
happy 51st anniversary i wish koran kompas still number 1 of indonesia newspaper .  aameen #kompas51th	0
naa she didnt see it idk how shed respond	0
wish i was at party right now	1
can i hv a piece of your tell your i like you	0
i didnt have anyone to go w	1
i hate karrueche	1
so they took off the 6:00am sailing .  thats why ive been in distress lately	1
nothing is impossible !!	0
i almost felt sorry for you	0
lol aw man you got it bro .  dont let your life take over you ,  you takeover your life (trynna speak some fly shit)	0
you were so hilarious with your impressions on #bbbots lol .  .  watching all the way over here in san francisco	0
lol being free is ok once and awhile . 	0
literally just got back from an hour flight and already shopping and eating like im dying even though im so exhausted	1
- ur one of my bffs and im glad weve gotten closer and ya super funny love ya caca	0
- ur one of my bffs and im glad weve gotten closer and ya super funny love ya caca	4
no we did not	0
well ok then	0
i cant believe u used to be a paily fan  . i thought u were cool .  i was wrong	0
lol whats the name bc im bout to google those lyrics	0
really	0
how does making black children carry a dompass teach them anything ?  we already know oppression	1
sterling escroc	0
when hes the only one that chills you the fuck out holy crap so nerves!!	0
that blu tack bar was on point	0
if i had a boyfriend and he sung to me "then" by brad paisley i would marry him on the spot even if he sounded terrible singing it	0
if i had a boyfriend and he sung to me "then" by brad paisley i would marry him on the spot even if he sounded terrible singing it	0
if i had a boyfriend and he sung to me "then" by brad paisley i would marry him on the spot even if he sounded terrible singing it	0
on #godjradio sons of funk by sons of funk #listennow	0
no but maybe the hot 36 y . o grandson joking . 	0
lmaaaoo is this real ? 	0
i be so bored in memphis	1
aww ,  were blushing thanks for the nicole .  .  . we think youre pretty awesome , too	0
aww ,  were blushing thanks for the nicole .  .  . we think youre pretty awesome , too	0
lmao she already deleted it!!! too bad theres already screen shots	3
when you have to work	1
cant wait to leave sc next week	0
me! is always "too tired" to go with me . 	0
nah loooool im watching bbc2 ,  the queen was defo falling asleep in that speech awwww bless her! so cute man! i love her!	0
i want somebody to love me for who i am .  is that to much to ask ? 	0
done caramel oren	0
just skipped two whole stages (relationship ,  engaged)	1
i thank god that im not who i used to be . 	1
the ending of oitnb season 4	1
if you say so .  .  . its still annoying	0
mind your own business please thank you	0
lol i figured	0
i forgot the bet awards existed still	0
its still crazy what this chile team has done and people talk way more of every team they beat	1
damn	0
orange hair is best hair	0
twitter thugs  .  .  i cant deal with yall females man	0
then they ship it to ireland .  then you just pick a post office near you and pay €3 when you pick it up	0
howd you guess bby	3
lrt  ,  ion care what goes on with us thats just not me	0
lrt  ,  ion care what goes on with us thats just not me	1
i am really hoping i dont	3
yeah you will	0
i dont do drama ,  bs or hating on other people .  its just not what im here for #coupled	0
lol ,  i dont know what the hell i want . 	0
dont get mad at me when i decide not to text back	0
lol i swear you is such a bug	0
 .  .  .  i think i like being in the gym at this time better	0
well yes but ive always liked to support the underdog	0
dying to go back to guelph	1
have fun everyone!	0
long enough to forget how annoying you are	2
long enough to forget how annoying you are	4
were so different . 	1
dont make panguna of me	1
i dont wanna drive tho	1
awww lovely  ,  bet you have a lovely time hope they are city fans too	0
i wish missed the match & home to revise for a big test tomoz ,  damn placement getting in the way of the euros!	1
this thread is so good . 	1
and his recruitment smells but we got new five stars to worry about	3
thanks	0
my phone battery life is sigh	0
my phone battery life is sigh	4
hope you feel better boo	0
we will have some more south africa content up soon	0
wow you mustve had nice people around you growing up it was a struggle for me haha	0
we hope your training is going well .  .  .  were so excited about your upcoming fight in manila!	2
i bet you if you tried you couldnt fit my shoes	0
describe moi kind wallah ,  3la nyatk ,  shwya bzr bs i still love u:face_with_tears_of_joy::red_heart:️ a really good person in general wallah	0
my nigga future piped	2
make sure you participate .  polls in a bit . 	0
we all know jlo is gorgeous ,  but man ,  outshined her in that dress! #stunning	0
but its true !	0
family rly be saying the weirdest things at parties like "is it a she or her ? " they stay lit though	0
i ate just healthy food today  .  im so proud of myself	0
italy huuuuuuuuhhh	0
cracked	2
cracked	4
there are so many legal fictional adult men u can sexualize dont sexualize minors	4
now time for #loveisland	0
bounce him na	1
i miss your annoying laugh & you	4
nhee 20 mint rehtay	0
send yo man booty pics and tittes	0
i stg i prove im the best bitch he ever had damn near every damn day	0
day well spent i love you so much	0
my ac went out in 100° heat .  looks like were both suffering lol	1
just wait until youre packing up for college ,  it gets worse	0
i want a burrito from chipotle	1
gutted for albania there	1
gutted for albania there	4
so high on life right now . 	0
no more gambling for me .  -40 on some slots . 	1
aiyesha will always be my human dictionary	0
god bless your parents for for creating such a beautiful human	0
yes ,  now i barely eat cereal so idk which is my favorite anymore	1
yall really complaining a lot about the mfs you voted for #deleteyouraccount	2
yall really complaining a lot about the mfs you voted for #deleteyouraccount	4
off to tagaytay .  .  . 	0
youre a mean one jishnu .  i asked for a boom stand mic but that was all they had .  painful	0
stop telling twitter my name but iant i gotchu	0
stop telling twitter my name but iant i gotchu	1
zion will be able to fit hers next year but watch the vintage coming with them	3
they must have heard you	0
i vote up	0
i just peep bria was suppose to come over today that bitch a liar !	1
youre welcome	0
i am freezing	3
i am freezing	5
i wanna go to lookout	1
reduce ,  reuse ,  recycle cmon jordan ,  we learned this in like first grade	0
i would if i didnt already promise someone i would watch their kid at lincoln at 6 you going back after ? 	2
i would if i didnt already promise someone i would watch their kid at lincoln at 6 you going back after ? 	4
neckie manège is my favourite singer ever omg im her biggest barb ever ,  starships is my favourite song these people	4
its my big brother birthday today	0
lol what are you doing this weekend	3
give her 50 feet she fell in love in a week	1
yes even	0
me too sports direct	0
i am swimming in amstel	0
got our girl .  now at monicals for pizza before we head home to get her a shower	0
yes i know	0
i hope the 5th #moredaysoff	0
ive done nine hour shifts before	1
finally got some more slides	0
all im gonna say is happens	0
all im gonna say is happens	4
40 40 25 45	0
talib gained almost 20lbs since we been together must be feeding him good	0
talib gained almost 20lbs since we been together must be feeding him good	3
talib gained almost 20lbs since we been together must be feeding him good	5
loving the lanyards	0
ola stop changing your	4
free wifi	0
will you ever notice me #askblake	0
you hit your glo forreal omg your so cute but you used to be my twitter hmu i miss you	0
i told you i win	2
all of my students are exempt from these thoughts .  i you guys . 	0
u makin me angry u wouldnt like me when im angry	2
#growingupwithbrownskin watching white people steal our hashtags	3
#growingupwithbrownskin watching white people steal our hashtags	5
i dont want this weekend to end	0
love to when you share an early shift next please!! xx	0
im not going to sleep but eh  .  . 	0
thank youuu!!	0
i wanted switzerland to win oh well rooting for them irish guys purely coz they are the underdog know wales will win though! #baleisace	1
or do something strange for a lil piece of change	0
just got word that we got tickets to give away for the happening this sunday .  and cares .  . 	0
just got word that we got tickets to give away for the happening this sunday .  and cares .  . 	1
so messed up . 	1
i had a hard life working at the mill!	0
we really was suppose to draft jamal he was gonna be the green arrow	2
we really was suppose to draft jamal he was gonna be the green arrow	4
one thing i really hate is when old ass niggas be staring at me .  .  .  like staaahpppp trynna holla youre older than my actual daddy	4
well okay then all yall asses some freak body lil kids	1
i only know uzi and kodak honestly	0
the liking of irrelevant things continue	0
pretty sure some guy just said hed "love to see the rest of that tattoo" referring to my moon baby thats half covered .  im disgusted . 	4
when complains when it hit 91 degrees but in phx ,  az we get 115 degree weather i wish i was you!	1
he didnt even make sure i was straight	2
he didnt even make sure i was straight	4
shes so fierce!	0
sacrifices right natashas history is so badass yet so damn sad	1
you too groupie in my inbox!!	0
miss you bro come down soon	0
i have to wake up in 5 working on 4 hours right now for work .  why do i always do this to myself	0
to live in a world where u could please everyone and yourself would be so satisfying	1
oh i guessed so	3
god bless those souls .  no matter if your gay or certain color or a certain culture your still a human and your life still matters	1
hi harry my birthday is in 2 days & my only wish is a follow from you! please make it come true ?  i love you — 54 , 476	0
hai  .  morning morning morning morning	3
okay ,  i admit .  i used to be salty about boyxboy fics and now look whos giving a list of the chanbaek fics ive read to everyone	0
thank you! love and miss you more q-t	0
right on lil bro #12era is all yours now take care of it	0
got 1 hour of sleep . 	2
when your sister is sleeping in your house and her children are eating your food	2
when your sister is sleeping in your house and her children are eating your food	4
come on lex .  we got some dimes in canton	1
#follow_my #الصحبجيه_بتصبح_بفولورز	0
we both wait awkwardly	0
yall seen that video with that dude stealing a whole pack of ribs into his pants ?  i died laughing	1
told a good few people that ill donate breast to them	0
baaaaack #فريق_العيله_بيصبح_بدعم	3
i really fly out to jamaica every couple months this my last time i swear	2
i really fly out to jamaica every couple months this my last time i swear	4
you one of the models too	0
good morning! have a great week everyone	0
eye of the tiger	0
you always hit me up about tattoos	1
iphones use to go a whole day without dying  .  .  now these mfs dye in 4 hours  ,  apple wtf did uu do to our phones  ? 	0
well done! if you ever make it as a gambling fool please dont forget me	1
hello alex! we create custom music 4 podcast and youtube ,  if ever in need of your own feel free to call on tori! see u soon	0
finding dory comes out tomorrow!!! i cant wait!!	0
finding dory comes out tomorrow!!! i cant wait!!	1
cant believe has never heard a song before #wherehaveyoubeen	3
cant believe has never heard a song before #wherehaveyoubeen	5
lol	3
lol	5
lol	3
so does this mean marco will do those cheesy club appearances and i can meet him ?  #bbuk	0
done unnie .  welcome here	0
kilt a squirrel ,  waste my smoothie on the floor ,  & cleaned it ,  to only waste it on my face	1
yeah thanks god , i cannot imagine ozge play with actor who 7 years younger than her lmao	0
"i wanna be the only one for miles and miles ,  except for maybe you and your simple smile"	0
omg i want those cookies	0
yeah right ,  you love me .  see you in a few	0
im literally enjoying school holy sh this is surreal	3
im literally enjoying school holy sh this is surreal	5
i wanna vent to a stranger . 	1
a person who loved you will never let you go ,  no matter the situation . 	0
i need a beach w	1
i hate when i get tagged in those questionaires on fb and you have to tag 8 new people .  .  . i dont even have one friend to tag .  #reality	1
for ur fans like me	0
just want this week to be over with	2
just want this week to be over with	4
lmao u wild already	0
i want you hahha #tanpakarena	0
absolutely heartbreaking and horrifying what happened to jo cox .  thinking of her family	1
shout out to everyone thats in the house	0
cant be acting like school friends  ,  only friends at school hell nah bra	1
cracker barrel is a must today	0
its still crazy how tupac died the day i was born .  . 	3
its still crazy how tupac died the day i was born .  . 	5
most boys have to explain the offside rule to a female ,  no not me im now explain how to bet on score castes and first and last goals	0
im happy af	0
your too funny	0
yall look nothing alike	0
jgh from school	3
lol i think  ,  if not fuck em	0
wishin i was tennessee bound right now	1
so pissed off that im here alone	2
so pissed off that im here alone	4
who was kierra fighting  ? 	3
who was kierra fighting  ? 	5
to dinner or not to dinner	1
thank you i hope so .  .  i was just lucky enough to see him perform and thats it	1
i was a rebel at the now i miss it like being long and stuff it was cute long	0
my son has been gone all day since he has been home from school .  my uncle took him & i didnt hear from either one of them . 	3
my son has been gone all day since he has been home from school .  my uncle took him & i didnt hear from either one of them . 	5
bitch i will beat yo ass pussy but thanks son daddy love you	0
i need to make some money	2
i need to make some money	4
same!! one to remember	0
i do what i want ,  when i want ,  how i want	0
superstix diay lol	0
on the road again	0
you know what to do	0
dream last night was	1
hey my luvs ,  im back from a much needed 2 weekend break .  b patient with me as i catch up .  missed you h…	0
gone be streaming bo3 today .  be there	2
iffy vibes	1
savage ass kid	0
it go ,  one for the money ,  two for the b*tches ,  three for my niggas popping jiggas ,  they bout they skrilla ,  see them my niggas	0
she knocked	0
lmao the accuracy of that is unreal i really do hear myself saying that	0
thanks .  gov martinez is for open borders illegal immigration .  this isnt 1st terrorist caught here . 	1
will forever be bae	0
this my last time okay  ?  i promise i just wanna have a lil fun before school start back hell	0
take a look at your first reply! wasnt a graphic même #justtoletyouknow	0
im 2 hours away so it might be in my favor but i just need people to go w	1
well never be as young as we are now	1
lmaoo cuteat ever	1
just be a man about it .  lmao . 	0
kids love this "work from home" song and it bothers me cuz its about sex	1
hes such a shit prime minister anyway glad the cunts gone	2
hes such a shit prime minister anyway glad the cunts gone	4
yea i leave some people on read why  ?  cause im not replying to dry ass texts or two words texts shit wasting my unlimited texts	0
you cant call it cant call it royalty loyalty .  . 	0
i love amusement arcades	0
troy and tbone are really arguing over who cooks better scrambled eggs	0
my stomach really hurts i hate cramps	1
once you let me hit it ,  ima get da switching positions ,  have that ass wishin that i was your nigga .  .  . 	4
these pictures are terrible! but thank you	0
these pictures are terrible! but thank you	0
had a great time taking some photos at and chatting with thanks for the invite #livebreathebusin…	0
perfect timing	0
omg it is i was right still my power couple	0
omg it is i was right still my power couple	0
i cant ever sleep too much on my mind i gotta work in the morning too	2
i cant ever sleep too much on my mind i gotta work in the morning too	4
lurk and get your feelings hurt	0
i wish my phone was lit	1
i wish my phone was lit	4
we got beef  ?  lil nigga who you  ? 	1
lets hope so	0
spoilsport	1
when will it all start getting better  .  . 	1
how did i not already know this .  thank you . 	0
more happy when i use this twitter to gossips . 	0
lololol  . @dancingastro yes i agree edm djs are a sinking ship  .  .  .  .  and lame  .  .  .  he said it not me ¯\_(ツ)_/¯	1
5 min .  into omg finally 5 min .  after wtf did i just do	0
5 min .  into omg finally 5 min .  after wtf did i just do	2
5 min .  into omg finally 5 min .  after wtf did i just do	4
im thinking about buying a 300hp jet ski	0
thats some bull	1
10 . ) my shoe size is 8	0
i saw me in zurich tho	0
beautiful	0
he say im a masterpiece	0
porterdeleon thanks for the positive feedback! we appreciate it	0
i love how fast guys move on	0
i kind of ,  sort of need you	2
i kind of ,  sort of need you	5
today was a good day ,  cavs won ,  jon sno won .  .  .  . im happy #nbafinals #gameofthrones	0
lmfao uhhh	1
thank you	0
do it for the gram i gave him his bottle of white henn .  .  . he doesnt even fucking drink	0
dude wrote snap in to a slim jim on these blocks	0
lemme find out that 1st ring the warriors got was fluke	0
i aint worried bout no other bitch  ,  you goooot me  ? 	0
you dont have any what black person doesnt have kool aid at their house	0
love you guys!	0
i dropped but im only at 6	1
thought i lost one of my socks .  . turns out it was already on my foot .  .  . is it nap time yet	1
happysunday guys	0
dallas aint finna owe me	0
dallas aint finna owe me	4
another 12 hr shift tomorrow	1
belgiums golden generation were outclassed by the worst italy side in recent memory . 	0
belgiums golden generation were outclassed by the worst italy side in recent memory . 	3
beautiful thing is truly a beautiful thing ,  thats more like it boys	0
i saw another tweet with a wrong usage of apostrophe	0
ugly ***** stans admitting their stupidity is my favorite concept	0
if people watched the snapchats are uploading ugh riff raff was lit tho lol	0
so weird how somebody youve never met will message you some shit like "so you wanna act like you dont know nobody ? " lawd	0
so weird how somebody youve never met will message you some shit like "so you wanna act like you dont know nobody ? " lawd	1
dont hate . 	0
have fun at j cole julle	0
when your best friend dosent text back &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; 	1
oomf is so fine	0
i would pack up all my clothes but i know how indecisive i am	0
im lounging so hard friday night im exhausted	1
holy shit 50 casualties at gay nightclub pulse in orlando prayers for friends and family and the orlando lgbt community	1
never	0
im not a needy gf that wants a whole bunch of gifts & clothes .  just give me food when im hungry then we good	0
great observation! another tweeter thought the same ,  but those are actually blood vessels in the iris	0
it was indeed	0
okay im finally recovered from atl .  i think im ready to kick it	0
lets finish it #allin216	4
and the coffee! wholly moly	3
and the coffee! wholly moly	5
yall this bubble bath deadass hitting the spot rn	0
9 days and counting  .  .  .  .  . 	0
that man been my friend for 20yrs damn	1
unfortunately her politics are moronic ~ but i cant deny she is absolutely beautiful and a great actor !!!	3
unfortunately her politics are moronic ~ but i cant deny she is absolutely beautiful and a great actor !!!	5
 .  . absolute perfection in a derriere! ♡	0
im a hopeless optimist .  .  fingers and toes crossed for you	0
when a female call you by your whole name ,  she mad	0
these throwbacks got my mind on my ex from two yrs ago	0
it was about sniffing my feet	0
love it when my dad gets road rage and passes 4 cars	0
im an aries	0
overheard from arbys "when i get my food stamps ,  ima do it big!"  .  .  .  i wish i could do it big . 	1
barca pride on my chest	0
every girl that suck dick now favorite line	0
i just said that	0
so i might have to work tomorrow	2
so i might have to work tomorrow	4
good luck u know all i do is work	2
good luck u know all i do is work	5
having a small town mentality fucks you up sometimes	1
ill just call you mrs miyagi for the time being	0
nobody said u couldnt come	0
ahhhh the memories its cus there wasnt any room for me	0
ahhhh the memories its cus there wasnt any room for me	1
i actually read that question wrong i thought it said the mother/father of your partner	0
but i dont have a younger sister	0
my summer gone be lit af	0
no problem	0
right ?  ?  ?  it was so funny to read your tweet because i had just thought the same thing literally 10 minutes earlier!	0
hes so funny for no reason	0
i got a new coworker whos actual name is princess i need to figure out if she has a middle name or something lol	0
thank you heidi appreciate it	0
i didnt fight cuz they was 50 deep it was 2 of us pooh bear good im good its a	1
you good to drive ? look at me are you good to drive ? tell me if im throwing up .  break break break! htt…	0
so broke its not even funny	0
being lazy	1
19 .  what your snap ?  add me iamnlaw	0
i will cheer	0
ill hold the door please come in and just sit here for a while .  this is my way of telling you i need you in my life . 	0
the fact that my sleeve is coming along ,  slowly but sure ,  makes me extremely happy . 	1
boy hair grow back in 10 seconds literally  ,  shit be blowing me boys got it so easy !	0
boy hair grow back in 10 seconds literally  ,  shit be blowing me boys got it so easy !	0
uhuh	3
lmao jared wylin	0
thanks dad	0
with a lager like yours its an easy decision	0
with a lager like yours its an easy decision	0
oh i realized ,  been listening to 80s playlist .  .  why ?  why not!	0
fool im oc tired	1
this time proves m lucky or mr . unlucky waiting fr u di wr r u #shreyaghoshalday	1
okay ,  so i like to shop ?  ?  ?  so target is home ?  ?  ?  i can stop any time i want . 	0
going underground for a while	2
cos its a bittersweet symphony this life #theverve	0
imagine what my house was like with five kids and two adults! haha	0
men are a pain	1
sure thing ate	0
wanna come to hawaii ? 	0
let me remind you .  .  .  you cant make me mad over a nigga i done had & dealt with	0
dentist this morning	1
just 60 ? 	1
need my phone upgrade	1
im just talking .  i dont live that lifestyle .  im a nun in training . 	0
im just talking .  i dont live that lifestyle .  im a nun in training . 	0
aff andiii	1
ill start looking now no lie then in august well b set loft crew	0
the return of savagery ? 	0
i wish i could just take up space and say fuck working  .  and just live life lol	2
i wish i could just take up space and say fuck working  .  and just live life lol	4
it was the original cover i had purchased from eliots bookshop . 	1
i always aspire to plan way ahead and this hardly ever works	0
today iftar with family alhamdulillah	0
glad i dont look like what i been through	0
3 years ago i was leaving for australia .  i cant wait to be back there one day	0
niggas lazy	1
niggas lazy	4
gameplay de #minecraft con el oculus rift	5
round 3 please huhuhu	1
i hated my braces so i aint smile in pictures for like 2 years	0
school tomorrow	1
gahd that mr .  kupido song is bringing back cringey myrtle flashbacks . 	2
time for prayers .  .  5 min to go #aftar god bless all!	0
thank you	0
i really wish made maternity leggings and jeans! #foodforthought	1
thanks ty!	0
we watched this in class and i cried everybody was laughing at my ass	0
i just wanna rub some ass and smoke a beezie nothin to serious	0
i didnt mean to	0
jinyoung is good actor anyway ,  hes good at hiding his emotions	0
thats the problem with having a good heart .  you think everyone has one too ,  and in reality they dont	1
well i feel fucking dreadful	4
non cest giroud	0
sucks im not even meeting my favorite youtubers this year either . 	1
im bored . 	2
im bored . 	4
ily ily ily thank you! see you	0
nice avi	0
*sackey	0
i just want some nonnas	1
my baby birth mark reall on her forehead	1
my happy virus baby girl and kailien are the queen and king of foodporns	0
yehey sige thank u	0
i love you	0
"its okay to see the good in someone but dont ever use that as an excuse for someone who treats you no good"	1
its just nasty	4
least you could really work on your batting arm . 	0
the weather has been so nice lately	0
whatever you blowed bout tf	1
not really . 	0
was so excited fa dat baby got a good one	0
was so excited fa dat baby got a good one	1
my pockets*	1
man i be trying & at this point i need too!	1
*mom walks into saprinas room* "it smells like a mexican fart" tf	0
target is where i go to find peace .  i know the struggle . 	0
closed mouth dont get fed	0
cute	0
the itch for new ink is real	1
waiting for my love to get off	2
waiting for my love to get off	5
i love going out but hate deciding what to wear .  . 	0
added some highlights of the stream! will be doing this more often aswell	0
im happy af rn wow	0
"i thought you were a lesbian"	0
third wheel	2
third wheel	4
im always misplacing my wallet	2
im always misplacing my wallet	4
had my head down n didnt even realise that the 26 just drove right past me	1
bahaha! hey im from canada i gotta take advantage of someone being colder than me!	0
this ?  ill try	0
finally some good news!	0
obviously they didnt know how to spell faeces	0
omg ive been drunk b4 and nah girl ,  its not for me .  im an emotional wreck with no filter	0
but my beloved l and light will not be in the movie the characters are wayyy different  . _ .  ryuk and amane misa is still there tho	1
i love this song	0
takdaaa la .  i couldnt sleep	1
*in terms of ur tolerance to bad coffee	0
happy to announce that my phone no longer autocorrects "doge" back to "dog"	0
you cant compete where you dont compare	0
i believe he loves winners!	0
my friend is literally telling me to become fwb with alex	1
next week is going to be soooo lit cant wait for this finale so i can watch seasons 1-6 about 20 times #gameofthrones	2
next week is going to be soooo lit cant wait for this finale so i can watch seasons 1-6 about 20 times #gameofthrones	5
damn i aint know that know u see me was out  .  .  .  . gotta dat	3
i do a lot for others and i always end up doing less for myself	1
"j-a-r-r-o-d ,  i know it looks like ja-rod but its pronounced like jared . " "ok ,  ja-rod britt ? " "can my name be joe ? " #growingupwithmyname	1
ill been done snapped	1
really looking forward to you all joining the team .  .  . 4 more sleeps lol see you monday hannah	0
really looking forward to you all joining the team .  .  . 4 more sleeps lol see you monday hannah	0
happy birthday to my crazy love ! please make it back home in one piece .  . 	0
you just had to do it lmao i love you too	0
i wish i still weight 120 like i did freshman year	1
girl nun i was just being over dramatic cus oomf was ignoring my messages but dm 2 seconds after i dm him	0
cant wait for this mani & pedi in the morning .  #girltime	0
"you cant love a hoe ,  so fuck a hoe" wise words of the day	0
washing the black off her body	0
no one cares about my cheese need	1
my day was going good until now	2
my day was going good until now	4
this georgina chick from taking new york is growing on me like mould yes shes a bitch yes shes abrupt .  .  .  tee hee sounds like	0
this georgina chick from taking new york is growing on me like mould yes shes a bitch yes shes abrupt .  .  .  tee hee sounds like	0
ahhh theres too much in this world to be discovered	4
boxed rooms	0
irl ,  my name is lania . 	0
at least you care	0
noody! i miss you .  i used to love seeing you come in sock shoppe and you still owe me a shirt	0
ill never say my real opinion on steph curry	0
been washed ever since i blew my shit in highschool	1
natural_language_classifier [standard] is up .  (unofficial) 2016-06-30 06:20:03 utc #bluemix	0
stop! gammmy foot ruining my instagram posts	0
stop! gammmy foot ruining my instagram posts	1
stop! gammmy foot ruining my instagram posts	3
i wanna go downtown one saturday and day party / bar hop all through the city with my girls  .   .  gotta make that happen	0
yes biech ,  ily too	0
bro i hate i got that nap now im just up	2
bro i hate i got that nap now im just up	4
boyyy stop betta find ya piggy bank	0
i used to hate to leave baylee at the end she was just so helpless	1
when someone wears something i made for them i tear up a bit cause i know how much it means to them	0
diamonds on me dancing	0
with the blonde alien weird ass bitch	0
tbh tho youre funnier bro real shit	0
had a great weekend	0
im soooo tired	1
is it wrong that im looking at anyone over 50 and thinking this is your fault .  you did this! ?  #euref #brexit #blackfriday	0
not until mia tell me what color to get my nails	1
nope .  thats shorty .  she cant handle all my loving . 	1
woke up hella emotional everything makes me wanna cry	1
what all the mean with a l ?  not a damn thing	0
you bout to date a girl  ? 	3
the d&d script	0
nah i do not fw sharrell	4
getting minutes outta nowhere #nbafinals	0
alright	0
except you do if it makes you feel better its lashing it down here .  .  . 	0
first teaser will be released this afternoon! stay tuned! 3daystogo beforenewdjptvc	0
i feel like a douche .  i just read something wrong and had to admit to it thought the beer was expired - its not	0
thank you	0
youre welcome	0
ready to take my senior pictures	0
im gonna post all the videos like the other day with the name all the accounts	0
if anything lebron should be getting suspended too	2
if anything lebron should be getting suspended too	4
high school musical weekends on disney channel are the best	0
high school musical weekends on disney channel are the best	0
10spades has finally given us one back .  much prefer how deep we were in the wpts than this one but we will take this one	0
his shit on soundcloud is actually decent	0
ive noticed anytime kevin gates comes on while im on the road .  .  .  i try to do something reckless ,  lol .  .  .  feeling hella hype & gangstar . 	1
late nights making me think way too much	1
actually had the best day at work today .  .  .  . my 9 hour shift actually felt to short	0
ahhhh too sleepyy	1
always bby	0
*brb tobat*	0
hey yall im having a shipping problem with my order .  how do i get in touch with customer service ?  not sure where it is	3
hey yall im having a shipping problem with my order .  how do i get in touch with customer service ?  not sure where it is	5
the amount of times i changed today is ridiculous	0
lmao im just playing tho	0
gotta start somewhere only been doing it for a fortnight! but thankyou ,  part 7 killed my soul	0
happy 7th monthsary fellow elnella fans #happy7thmonthelnella	0
some mid-day would be cool right about now	0
ur show should be at the very least 1x per week jesse! i enjoy it .  . tx	2
ur show should be at the very least 1x per week jesse! i enjoy it .  . tx	5
get me in	0
get me in	1
get me in	1
its old but thanks and look at yours too	0
hmm what da play read for tonight  ? 	3
fucking refs	1
you guys know me so well	1
i got some kill waiting for me after work	0
im a laugh when he step on yo ahh cause they not slow	0
can this train leaving already	2
can this train leaving already	4
yall do each other good	0
yall do each other good	0
graduations are killing restaurant employees	0
today has been a bad day	0
damn phone need to hurry up	0
a really closed game without many occasions ,  but were looking better in this game .  youre not watching your rakjitic ? 	0
fa seem as useless as the team from what is being reported .  at least the uk can all get behind wales as one now! hoorah	3
well that was fun	0
come & break yo neck for me baby	0
superwoman is always on the road	1
cant waitttttt for the season .  .  .  i know we are going to win a few big games this year	3
some fish dont sound bad	0
i dreamed i met and she hugged me and i cried and im so devastated that it was just a dream	1
sorry i was thirsty .  .  .  what the hell ?  #datemyfamily	0
i dislike people for no reason  .  yes i do that a lot	0
another valentine beybe	0
we can play with it when we get back to school	0
youre welcome	0
(cont .  .  . ) gotta work it for the camera ,  even at 10 , 000ft seriously it was so amazing ,  u and have to try it	0
(cont .  .  . ) gotta work it for the camera ,  even at 10 , 000ft seriously it was so amazing ,  u and have to try it	0
listen to music type of night . 	0
butter pecan ice cream	0
bale fc lets go	0
finally back in texas .  .  two more hours till im back at the house tho . 	1
just started watching the night manager .  opening my good fortune means nothing unless it lifts up my fellow man .  #weloveyoueu	1
well cant really change a flat without a jack i promise i know how though	0
well cant really change a flat without a jack i promise i know how though	1
another one ? 	0
3 different incomes	0
i miss my best friend	1
dont expect too much!!! hehehe	4
yall just see basketball wives la commercial ?  it was too fast	1
cant even go to the duct tape festival without seeing smh night ruined	1
i find it funny when people who "dont like me" try to follow me on social media	0
do it!	5
your right there	0
go check it out give it a love you so much dm:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::red_heart:️ homie #dolantwinsnewvideo x62	0
go check it out give it a love you so much dm:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::red_heart:️ homie #dolantwinsnewvideo x62	0
you always "ugly" to a hating ass bitch	0
thats bollocks england fans been singing isis and attacking people theyre just as bad as the russians	0
thank you!!! i was going to call off work today if i wasnt better… it was that bad lol	1
so so devastated ,  life is so cruel tight abbie	1
how me and my father in law exactly alike and he doesnt know it	0
please do not tweet images of david attenborough .  its a trigger for me re possible celebrity deaths . 	4
kisi din i will forget me too	0
really crappy signal!! thanks to the 45 peeps who watched though . 	0
true!! i do feel better and less bloated so guess ill stick with it ,  maybe just wont weigh myself again	0
im perfectly fine with that	0
pre college was everything so live it up #onyx11 coming from miss precollege ps- dont let them scare yall about the harbs	0
good morning beautiful and have a wonderful day dont be a stranger follow back	0
good morning beautiful and have a wonderful day dont be a stranger follow back	0
good morning beautiful and have a wonderful day dont be a stranger follow back	0
good morning beautiful and have a wonderful day dont be a stranger follow back	0
silent sangrias by rina .  i dont know how many glasses ive had today .  slowly losing circulation in my toes . 	0
fuck bringing them home .  fucking heavy	2
fuck bringing them home .  fucking heavy	5
*me as i head to cfa*	0
hey! thank you .  havent been on here in ages - thought id stick my head round the door .  .  .  . 	0
 .  .  . and breathe!	0
persisting at a chase with success lol	0
work bout to kill me	1
who ever dont want to lose pick me	0
the power is coming back up until 10pm	2
the power is coming back up until 10pm	4
how do we actually know which birthday cards were shown for dans vegas show #tatinof	0
lmfao fr!! i made my dad some sandwiches y se me antojaron .  .  .  pero no	1
going to school ? 	0
"free world" ?  sir you must be kidding  ? 	0
yoo text me	0
monday is my last day of work at my school and then im working regents week until the 28 & after that im freeee until september (w/pay)	0
omg i was talking bout when i was in a pool and i got up to fast and my chocolate chips was	1
hey zac !!!!	2
hey zac !!!!	4
hey zac !!!!	0
pew ,  lost all respect . 	4
good morning hv a success day	0
i work in the morning so imma be home	2
i work in the morning so imma be home	5
whos gonna hit me tho im glorious	0
good i leave thursday head down to london tomorrow	0
you knowww that aint the case	0
"my family needs these" - said to me by a teenager at mcdonalds at 2am as he stole 25 trays	3
"my family needs these" - said to me by a teenager at mcdonalds at 2am as he stole 25 trays	5
its only a 4 hour drive if that youll be fine!	0
bro is gone now ball out and do big things big bro	3
bro is gone now ball out and do big things big bro	5
why you gotta put me on blast like that ? 	2
why you gotta put me on blast like that ? 	4
why you gotta put me on blast like that ? 	3
people who never have to work on the weekends are so fucking lucky	1
how about #newnameforthetories boris pfeffers lonely gob shite gang	0
workouts tonight was intense… .  i could barely walk up my steps	1
"i looked at her butt and it wasnt as nice as i thought bc she is wearing tall shorts" high waisted you mean	0
update - its been a few hours now since brexit and i havent seen any zombies yet . 	3
ive watched glee 3 times and im just on season 2 of ghost whisper now	0
congrats to her man .  thats great	2
i usually dont mind working saturdays .  .  . today is not one of those usual occurrences .  have a wonderful saturday for me , 	1
i wish a babysitter would take me to a water park	1
i just watched 6 episodes of teen wolf .  .  . 	0
wanna watch real man bc jackbam but kshowonline is not cooperating	2
wanna watch real man bc jackbam but kshowonline is not cooperating	4
your a savage dawg dont forget that	0
almost off work	0
my lunch was so disgusting .  i want something real good to eat but i also wanna go straight home & shower . 	1
you may also be too old to get its which is a problem i dont mind having . 	0
im so in love with marco	0
yeah .  .  i definitely wasnt impressed by gears of war 4	1
yeah .  .  i definitely wasnt impressed by gears of war 4	4
too hard	1
pasta with tuna and some fruit all mix with mayonnaise	0
#الثوره_تجمعنا theres no redemption for this country no matter what nothing in it worth saving to me . 	0
cambridge link up coming on right here	3
if i could press play ,  rewind ,  a couple million times	2
if i could press play ,  rewind ,  a couple million times	5
im still awake	3
im still awake	5
got to love white chocolate ,  raspberries &a glitter #bloggerationchat	0
starts when you see me	0
my favourite smoothie is being recalled for e .  coli . 	1
harry redknapp says its scary that gareth southgate is favourite for the england job ,  and two sentences later recommends tim sherwood	3
harry redknapp says its scary that gareth southgate is favourite for the england job ,  and two sentences later recommends tim sherwood	5
how to enjoy death .  it is immoral fans	2
dont cause any drama whilst im gone sis	3
i gotta clean my room so bad	2
i gotta clean my room so bad	5
spike ni mela .  dig ni kimmy .  awkward!	0
uugh .  almost 8am .  .  .  thanks for hanging out .  love you night people . 	0
ima post myself ,  since everyone gonna be on	0
aray . 	0
i only have 1 person that ill text all day wish i had more but i really dont text anybody back  . 	1
i just met some wild niggaz on da elevator he smell dat og he chattin bout match im not even boutta go up dere cuz i kno dey got huff	2
i just met some wild niggaz on da elevator he smell dat og he chattin bout match im not even boutta go up dere cuz i kno dey got huff	4
i just met some wild niggaz on da elevator he smell dat og he chattin bout match im not even boutta go up dere cuz i kno dey got huff	4
rip bud spencer	1
tak .  billing and insurance	0
how i be sittin on his face  ,  i dont need nothing but bread  ,  i dont need niggas for nothing but head	0
awsumm tag this love u twiter for this for ur besharm nd deit pm #کیمرون_سےسیکھو_نواز	0
hiyaaah  ,  you cool  ,  rt my last pic	0
when you are 4 episodes behind on game of thrones and realize thats basically a month . 	3
when you are 4 episodes behind on game of thrones and realize thats basically a month . 	5
cant wait to get my nails & eyebrows done	1
why did u even slept on the floor omg u might also catch a cold gws dear	1
sierra sierra ,  let me tell ya ,  one day youll need those friends that you ditched .  sierra sierra ,  life aint all tiaras	0
ive just read it ,  elaine its made my evening	0
wanna go back to wildwood	1
damn dummy	0
huhu sorry po first out of many pa man yan	0
huhu sorry po first out of many pa man yan	1
also thanks ,  i will keep you in mind	0
forever shutting people out sorry . 	0
easy-ish run in but you know what were like!	0
send one to me .  .  . 	0
i wish things could gi back to how they used to be .  . 	0
i dont get your excuse kabelo #ringoflies	2
bre was whooping my ass in baseball on the wii & i came back & won	0
these #notedeseoelmalpero got me dying	0
i dropped my phone	2
i dropped my phone	5
new low in mcdonalds two days in a row .  today i had a happy meal and didnt even open the toy . 	1
sad day #ripchristina	1
send me the link	1
all i got are bolis	1
i hope these doctors aint talkin about surgery	4
it took me so long fam extreme pack 2 is just has hard too	1
hahaha you are missed too	0
why do ppl decide to make out while im waiting behind them in line .  .  .  .  ?  ?  #hurricaneharbor	2
why do ppl decide to make out while im waiting behind them in line .  .  .  .  ?  ?  #hurricaneharbor	4
yall boyfriends and girlfriends letting yall hang out with exes  ? 	3
oh nein	4
fathers day is june 19! bring dad in on sunday for his favorite za and well treat him to a free drink or dessert on the house	0
yes .  .  . you know your grapes .  good for you .  do join us again! #wininghourchat	0
happy birthday more blessing .  . 	0
went out to eat earlier	0
yummy enjoy your meal	0
how many rts will it take for me and you to get it on ? 	3
draymond is much more likely to hold his own (as weve seen)	0
never deal with a man if he got a kid or kids already i repeat neverrrrrrrrrrr	1
checked the ode results ,  came 9th in my section out of 15 .  super pleased with that	0
its because im innocent . 	0
i need to start acting more like a lady ,  and not no lil boi .  but its hard	1
&gt ; he did it well~~~ please looking forward to the future broadcast too! #astro #woosan (umbrella) #breathless #vlive	0
at my house baby love	0
this is such a hard question to answer . 	1
we better ball today with each other smh	1
good night	0
bout to start sending selfies to cause she think im cute all the time	0
bout to start sending selfies to cause she think im cute all the time	1
ready to start my new job cause i hate the one i got now	1
only want my way	2
only want my way	4
last night was actually fun	0
90% of the time i say whats on my mind and 100% of the time it gets me in trouble	1
why fall in love when you can fall asleep	0
spelling has been atrocious today . 	1
well i had a great date night with my love sooo gn	0
my heart feels so heavy today .  i dont want to get outta bed	1
sammie lost me with that	1
i hadnt hopfully an acca will come in! think i only have one thatll be done before the england game tho ooh no 2	0
i hadnt hopfully an acca will come in! think i only have one thatll be done before the england game tho ooh no 2	0
i hadnt hopfully an acca will come in! think i only have one thatll be done before the england game tho ooh no 2	1
read ?  oh soops! you so loco!	0
point	0
killed it! i like his dancing .  if thats what music makes him do then hey .  do it	0
the worst part about this is that i lost my best friend too	1
thanks	0
hmm i think so too	0
oh brother! what an episode! #outlander 212 is in some unexpected ways ht…	1
back to sleep my #teenchoice vote for #choicesummermusicmale is	0
what has this world come to	0
your welcome	0
i want to see finding dory	1
really ? ! what are the announcements	0
little brothers first fathers day	1
i hate making decisions	0
im so happy nashville was saved ,  something finally went right in my life	0
meaningful i slay i slay i slay i slay	0
happy birthday nicpaaaooo!!! love you	0
happy birthday nicpaaaooo!!! love you	0
all the new pics are up on my site ,  it looks so good	0
youre a dick .  because of me doing that i was the only one until the very end in that group for him to grab my hand thank u!	0
im tired & sleepy	1
everytime i find myself looking down i think about lil ones that look up to me and ill pick my head up real quick gotta stay up	1
why do we always hurt the ones we love ?  why ? 	0
omg lol	0
shes keeping her man	1
shes keeping her man	4
the bibles says good things comes to those that wait	0
use somebody .  aww nice song choice	0
spaaaaammm haha nah ,  engage with other blogs ,  join in chats ,  self promotion ,  comment around! be nice #fblchat	3
spaaaaammm haha nah ,  engage with other blogs ,  join in chats ,  self promotion ,  comment around! be nice #fblchat	0
spaaaaammm haha nah ,  engage with other blogs ,  join in chats ,  self promotion ,  comment around! be nice #fblchat	3
how was that music ? 	3
i aint never wanted somebody this bad before	3
my mom just told me i couldnt go with her & her friends to myrtle because i was tanked the whole time last year . 	0
inna mood for crawfish & crabs	0
this time last week i was having the time of my liiiiiiiiiiiife in vegas im actually really sad lmao ugh	1
770 .  bro .  u a god in every way tbh were like frenemies but its okay its fun hanging out w u & making you mad also great piano skills	3
770 .  bro .  u a god in every way tbh were like frenemies but its okay its fun hanging out w u & making you mad also great piano skills	0
770 .  bro .  u a god in every way tbh were like frenemies but its okay its fun hanging out w u & making you mad also great piano skills	0
everybody mad at they daddy guess they ma was a quick nut to	0
happy birthday!!:) have a good one bestie!!:red_heart:️	0
i have 6 weddings to go to between next weekend and new years eve .  going to be skint come 2017!	3
so much tragedy in such a short period of time #prayfororlando	1
not sure if thats good or not	0
4 head	0
i just want to read the cursed child and know the truth about all those wack spoilers	1
both of yall know damn well yall cant say shit but im not finna start wit yall on here	1
both of yall know damn well yall cant say shit but im not finna start wit yall on here	4
when you call angee bc you cant sleep but she doesnt answer	2
when you call angee bc you cant sleep but she doesnt answer	4
so sexy and beautiful	0
morning bestie hope youre having a good day so far thankyou always lots of love	0
morning bestie hope youre having a good day so far thankyou always lots of love	0
oh mine too just means i work harder in the gym to eat more	0
oh mine too just means i work harder in the gym to eat more	0
oh mine too just means i work harder in the gym to eat more	5
so wish i could	1
what happened vsco ? 	1
we going downtown i cant wait	3
i consider it peaceful	0
hello	0
alright ill see whats up	0
kids trynna have sex too young .  i wonder what fast behind little girl he trynna have sex with . 	1
wales have had one attempt and have scored a goal	0
biked 25 miles today	0
im usally on the phone wit but she dont wanna pick up her phone	1
lol .  true .  its stinks . 	2
lol .  true .  its stinks . 	4
cant stop laughing at this	0
oomf avi ugly af	4
i just saw that you still follow me .  .  . dont worry ,  ill fix that block-unblock and you are all set!	0
if he dont claim her .  she doesnt exist	0
i played ready for the world ,  she was ready for some action . 	0
great game from hungary though .  kiraly was doing great ! but we have so many talented players in our team . 	0
its a year since we met at rowyso	1
remember when i never wanted to play anything if you were playing im sorry why was i mean to you lol	1
when youre out clubbing and realize you have work the next day in the morning	1
that memes only work if someone else does it .  chillax bro bergurau tak kena tempat lmao smh	0
you should	0
haha i was just about to ask that question #couldyoube	0
i want	0
booking a table of 4 in perth on a sat night is such a hassle!	3
im so jealous	1
on top of everything ,  i shouldnt have to stress about this	1
cant wait until i get my car on the rode	0
happy birthday hot stuff ! dont eat as much as they do on the bachelorette	0
we clearly arent made for this shitty country	4
im so happy my mama still kinda fine .  that just let me kno i gotta keep myself tight and ill forever be no waist gang .  thanks mom	0
hit the weed and the shit hit you back like run it	4
lmfao thank u sm	1
listened to this so many times and it just gets better	0
coastal carolina won too ?  ?  ?  its so lit	1
i think im skeptical of everyone when it comes to anything royalty .  thanks got .  #togreadalong	0
ok hes cute here i just dont know what happened	0
can retire from twitter now .  you honestly cant go any higher than that tweet .  theres no bonus round!! you done bro!!!	0
hmu in 2k boy .  u don wanna get beat . 	0
what do you mean ?  ?  ?  matt schultz was there when i saw cage in concert ?  ?  ?  he talked to the crowd several times ? 	3
oh dear god	0
*it .  im not self pretentious . 	0
in the worst fucking mood of me life	0
i dont wanna go back to school in a little over a month	1
i dont wanna go back to school in a little over a month	4
so if your girl was wearing shorts with her butt hanging out you wouldnt say anything  ? 	0
bitches hate kyrie now #dub	0
i just need my girlfriend	1
i trust u is better then i love bcoz u may not always trust the person u love but u can always love the person u trust #aldubtransition	0
6 months has been too long	1
my favourite bit too	0
anybody else got ios 10 ? 	0
eeee can you email me any specs and refs ? 	0
hating me aint gonna fix your busted face	0
but it obviously tells me to say what im feeling and thats what im feeling .  .  im feeling it bad	0
#pariah #buckheadloftparty we getting everybody in free until 12pm	2
love a female that can hold a conversation	1
bruh	0
dirk funny	0
i did the same thing the other day	0
stop playin wit me	0
idk ive been waiting for that "i miss my long hair" moment and it has yet to come	0
i legit forgot i made coffee this afternoon and that i left the mug beside my bed .  .  whatevers left of it spilled onto my bed . 	1
he dumb	0
all i want most now is your hug	1
i dont know who else would go thru the same shit .  good luck guys!:)	0
divine say " anticonstitutionnellement" oh wantycous .  .  .  .  oh jesus help me	1
you want a guy with a beard but you dont have eyebrows	1
your mcm lurks on my sinsta	0
so tired so sleepy so lazy hais	1
i swear is the most annoying ,  caring person in the world	0
piece of cake .  your is coming in 45-60 mins .  watch ton at 9/8c on #guiltpromotion	2
wtf just happened ?  #jtsaccident	5
my mom just asked me if i got dumped because i took a tub of ice cream to my room .  .  .  no mom im just fat and like ice cream	0
finally an arsenal player who is on snapchat	0
i love you baby	0
cant wait for the 4th	0
love you too	0
i know you do	0
remember guys ,  these are for life ,  not just for #christmas!	0
youre hot	2
youre hot	0
take me with you	1
still wasnt on the kissing cam	1
i actually really like uzi	0
like im mostly seeing people who oppose it in the tag .  yall making it a high trendy topic .  lmfao . 	1
love you too baby	0
im so tired #zzz	1
youre welcome	0
the saddest moment is when you feel sick and youre all alone .  nak balik .  huhu . 	1
cannn!! anything for ice cream bubble tea la onad! but jap dah ada kt ts eh koi ? !	5
50 first dates is the cutest movie ever	1
all in my head (flex) by fifth harmony #request	0
hey you ,  major congrats on love ,  love ,  loved it and desperately want more of this gang!	0
this vacation is exactly what i needed	0
1st successful friday without a beer in ages time to grow up i think	0
shortys fine as hell and she has a good ass work ethic .  id try to rap to her if i fucked with light skin chicks .  but theyre all crazy	0
mfs so insecure thinking everything about them .  i aint worried about yall stfu	0
beauty is pain and expensive	3
is going good	0
if i get the shirt done today ill do a test	3
definitely have a fab time love! xoxo	0
and you might be with her but i still had you first	0
seeing was the highlight of my day love you bff	0
that sounds so good	1
this music is just making me even more hype for mexico	0
i meant follow back	0
apologies to the people trying to get ahold of me .  my new phone wont arrive til next monday	0
thats literally like my nana as well i think your nana and mine would get along	0
why would i forgettttt yeah ikr .  .  .  . lifes hectic	0
#engrus tip btts evens	0
goool chee	0
still available ? 	3
you need to come see them!	0
it was mine a wk ago ,  my wish didnt come forth ,  u need to fix this & renew #wyonnaearp and happy birthday annie	0
it was mine a wk ago ,  my wish didnt come forth ,  u need to fix this & renew #wyonnaearp and happy birthday annie	0
shahs is my guilty pleasure .  i secretly want to be persian and wear asas kaftans lol!	0
#girlsoftwitter muffyandjo thanks for the love! smokinhot_babes boogie_1969 flyculo pawgswanted	0
i know when you texting me  ,  you be really wanting me	0
i can go whenever ,  i just got home today so let me know when you guys are free .  idk about summer school thats why	0
im feeling this much better	0
bri doesnt want to eat canes with me	2
bri doesnt want to eat canes with me	4
that was a cheeky quite grill mate ?  gotcha	0
#ripchristina she was just a girl living her dream .  what a cruel world we live in . 	1
yes yes! planning on it	0
itll be covered in white by tonight ,  such a waste . 	1
omg i thought you were serious until see portland you stupid	0
sunday well spent	0
warriors lost because they played varejao! lol thats why cavs let him go .  warriors fell for it	0
dropped my phone and the screen literally popped off .  . 	0
dont worry ,  we can both cry together i miss cameron and all of the boys a lot too #magconeurope	1
where all the hoes at	3
wear shoes then hoe i play i play ,  you better be walking on them heels though	0
you know	0
but my weekend tho	0
i really want chick-fil-a i might even consider making that drive	1
i den messed up the cable	2
told ya!	0
im talking about karachi	0
#deletemynumber because yours isnt even saved boo	0
i pull whoever i want i do whatever i want	0
its sooo good! v emosh	3
just got 2 dozen doughnuts from bills	0
you could create a name for fandom	0
because im special	0
wolo nong wifi hope u understand	0
im drunk and hungry	1
wow a alligator snatched a 2year old in the water	1
does anyone have a working usb cd burner ?  mine broke i have gender/sexuality books , unused rad black lipstick , maybe other items for trade ? 	1
liked my tweet!	0
ge "insert quote" - by jayce ,  defender of tomorrow happy ? 	0
and waverley .  looks like half of jhb out then!	3
and waverley .  looks like half of jhb out then!	5
i am to but they dont fuck with me on here	0
im so content rn i knew i wasnt crazy wish you were still here you seem like my type of chick	1
you being 23 makes me feel so old	1
when niggas lag	2
when niggas lag	4
i need a good recipe for some creamy stuffed shells	0
are you mr .  right ? 	3
she had her whole life to live and didnt deserve any of this #ripchristina	1
agreed	0
yes and it might be a minute	0
im back on my feet & im back on my grind	0
am i even ready to go back to school ?  im scared	1
loving greece but the fucking sun sets at 9	0
i dont think shell spark but i told her we can w&b and at night too so she can sleep good she was just like shut up	0
// we go way back to them zoo crew days ill always mess with you	0
its wayyyyy to hot for makeup	1
i agree ,  shitty itv player	2
lol! facebook is not my friend!!! i was one up and now suddenly facebook has handed you this unexpected draw! not fair!	0
buttahbenzo they both slayed the red carpet	0
good nighttttt sweet dreams about ethan and hamburgers amen	0
please tell me why you always hatin	0
one text or two per day ha	0
because you have a kid now you think youre now a big boy or what ? 	1
actually very happy about life rn	0
i really miss yurell bruh like when he comes back i swear ima be the happiest	1
i really miss yurell bruh like when he comes back i swear ima be the happiest	1
i really miss yurell bruh like when he comes back i swear ima be the happiest	1
was so good seein boogie today missed him so much	1
someone give me plannssss	1
if u get the aux cord in the car then u better make sure the first song u play a banger .  because that determines everything	0
i cant wait for you to be 21	2
i cant wait for you to be 21	4
my cover photo is mine btw .  i didnt take it ,  my aunt did but that was at a bmth concert and i was all the way up at the front . 	0
oh .  .  .  hope youre okay now	0
hi ,  im kath ,  16 ,  from fort bonifacio ,  thats all ,  thankyou . 	0
football season right around the corner	3
hi z today is birthday please notice/follow her and give her the best gift ever she really deserve it! • 346	0
ima do what the gangstas do let it dow down let you think its coo	2
fuuuuckkkkkk meeeeeeeeeee	2
fuuuuckkkkkk meeeeeeeeeee	5
im sorry tanya lol im sorry!	1
yer all good git down on it .  .  . 	0
yer all good git down on it .  .  . 	0
idek whats happening	0
i dont want anything bad happens . 	1
me & juwon never went a day not talking to each other  .  he called me at 3 this morning just to say sorry free him	1
subtweet ? 	0
my downfall is my loyalty	1
ugh you stay slaying fuck	0
isnt it called the party scene ? 	0
yeah thats why	0
what does tbh ?  is that good ? 	2
what does tbh ?  is that good ? 	5
why does rain automatically make most people drive with one foot on the brakes ? ! ? 	2
i make myself laugh all the time elizabeth has magic in between her legs	0
you can do this!	1
working a thursday till wednesday week is horrible give me a breakkkk!	1
leg day from yest is killing me today! i thought i didnt push myself but hell ,  i did!! arms today ,  they are gonna burn #gymlife	1
leg day from yest is killing me today! i thought i didnt push myself but hell ,  i did!! arms today ,  they are gonna burn #gymlife	1
dms are open	3
you da only one that could fit me all in your mouth	0
you welcome ,  boo . 	0
hey boo! tbh you never fail to make me laugh haha and how you react when i say ur cousin is cute lets catch up soon my love	0
hey boo! tbh you never fail to make me laugh haha and how you react when i say ur cousin is cute lets catch up soon my love	0
being broke aint a option no more	4
thank you very much . 	0
just drove to a town with to try the new batter flavors only to find out they dont have them yet .  disappointed . 	1
i hate nicola sturgeon lying wee boot remain in move on with ur independent pish	2
i have to stop	1
damnnnn	1
wind is blowing too hard .  .  .  .  i cant enjoy the beach at all today im covered in sand and disgruntled af	1
nah ,  im pretty sure he is laughing at his new label . 	0
been gaining weight but it look good on me just cant never find nothing in my size	0
been gaining weight but it look good on me just cant never find nothing in my size	1
this "the office" episode about diversity day got me weak	0
lol nooooo not him	1
-to see which one i should use!	0
still trash man .  elite bricklayer	0
spiders keep other insects coming into ur house and eat them pick ur poison	0
spiders keep other insects coming into ur house and eat them pick ur poison	0
its the longest day of the year and i have nothing fun planned for it	1
everyone deserves to met magcon so im helping #latinamericaneedsmagcon	0
ill accompany you eonni	0
just get under the bar and zone out	0
these fat dykes are attacking me bc im hip	2
deadt	4
sleep	1
whats so special about tuesday that pizza and cinema us half prize on the same day ? !	3
hardest thing to do was saying goodbye	1
i try anytime	0
i try anytime	0
this game tho .  omg	0
this is why i dont clean my room .  all the oldstuff comes out and im like .  the eff was i thinking writing these letters to that dustbin ? 	4
i know it was so sweet and their sign said "lemonade 25 cents ,  other 50 cents" & all they had was sprite	0
someone bring me food aint nothing in this house to eat	1
today was perfect im so happy best friend enjoyed her day .  the love was so strong all up in there & part two was lit	0
i cant lay on my right side too long or my stomach gone start cramping	1
too late for forex market	2
too late for forex market	4
we some robbers	2
comete	0
to com fome	0
just thinking back ,  that mf was lame as hell .  & i ask myself why ,  everyday !!!!	0
lmao this is really you though	0
you dont just appear on the same show as your ex without some motive! cant believe people actually trust emma #loveisl…	4
lets go!!!!!!	0
" your mind is a powerful thing .  when you fill it with positive thoughts ,  your life will start to change "	0
great pic!!	0
thanks june!!! goodluck sa preboard!	0
lmao about that imma text you . 	0
we know whats good	0
already fammo gots too	2
bout to get lit	0
id do anything just to see you one last time	1
finally youre using christian king man told you to use that from early ,  you went ham . 	2
would hoe but im not that type of person you got it nigger	0
movie night by myself	0
please buy for me too	1
is it true limitless season 2 has been cancelled  ? 	1
i gave him to you bitch ,  dont fucking forget it	0
watch how i slay for boo birthday	0
youll pay for this	1
youll pay for this	4
all gas no brakes	4
i freaking hate being a girl	4
theres a kerfuffle with the rotas so im not sure . 	1
ah ,  good morning	0
youre welcome my dear	0
the founder of pipcoin . 	1
jun 14th	1
i always thought hardhome was the best episode 9 ever ,  but i think this battle of the bastards is even better!!!! jon covered in blood tho	0
and as you can see at my profile picture ,  team merchandise is there	0
and as you can see at my profile picture ,  team merchandise is there	0
its a sad life	1
vera // layout is but i like your	1
vera // layout is but i like your	4
nightmare! not sure keogh would do as well on the global stage!	0
nightmare! not sure keogh would do as well on the global stage!	3
its daddys day so the only person im sharing with is	0
got the spins like crazy	2
got the spins like crazy	4
im sad cause i dont wanna go to work	1
no problem i get bored on my own i like to find outfits she wears ,  and i wouldnt mind sharing to you!	0
okay ,  i just finished studying so im going to sleep now hehe good night everyone i hope you dream about ur bias	0
okay ,  i just finished studying so im going to sleep now hehe good night everyone i hope you dream about ur bias	1
thats what i was saying	0
omg i have to try that !! thanks for the info girl!	0
that being out all night shit	1
that being out all night shit	4
#kuwtk face when she seen the look a like !	0
#kuwtk face when she seen the look a like !	0
this picture = my life	1
i was so inactive yesterday .  .  .  sorry	1
ive been going a long time without sex but booooooy ,  i tell ya ,  this shit aint ez	1
i just witnessed the best steak sauce ive ever seen in my entire life	1
yup but with certain people la  .  because i just want look good infront of them  .  but emmmh  ,  i was wrong  .  i shoud be myself	0
yes please	0
you look more and more like your brother everyday	0
i miss you boo	1
why do people need to do nonsense just to show others how famous they are ?  i mean ,  whats the big deal ? 	2
why do people need to do nonsense just to show others how famous they are ?  i mean ,  whats the big deal ? 	4
t & alan sittin in a tree k . i . s . s . i . n . g . 	0
im privileged	2
just feel like poo	4
the fire & desire beat is what get a nigga	0
thanks magz!!!! maybe itll be as great as you	0
cause it starts at 12am kst and i really have to sleep rn	0
jus ready to introduce u to real	0
 .  .  sis  .  you cute  .  cool  .  i miss you  .  your bald head self need to text me back  .  but i still love your loud ass	0
 .  .  sis  .  you cute  .  cool  .  i miss you  .  your bald head self need to text me back  .  but i still love your loud ass	0
 .  .  sis  .  you cute  .  cool  .  i miss you  .  your bald head self need to text me back  .  but i still love your loud ass	0
 .  .  sis  .  you cute  .  cool  .  i miss you  .  your bald head self need to text me back  .  but i still love your loud ass	1
but im half human too! im not edible like common potato	4
i can not wait ,  niki wish i could see you both!	0
seven ages of man	0
yeah real shame for ham .  think we will have a great race tomorrow - keep us on our toes!	0
need to get back into sharing my blog posts on here again	3
ive always loved keyshia cole	1
i love "shes got a way with words" .  im just so excited to see it!! are we getting closer to the release date yet ? 	0
seriously	3
seriously	5
me and will be there saturday!!	0
yess those ones are so funny too!	0
proudly "rustored"! like that!	0
feels so good to be home	1
jk i do i just had to turn my fan on	0
right back at yah ,  shermin!!	0
this truck stressin me out already	2
this truck stressin me out already	4
watch how we flip it	0
when rachelles house slowly becoming your house too	0
got the biggest headache	1
youre welcome	0
lifes so peaceful	0
feeling so irritated	2
feeling so irritated	4
i dont like when things are wrong with my car	2
ridin round thru chiraq n the bitch wit me black but her hair is brazilian	0
face time with my lil freak	0
maybe i can talk james into comin over .  or i could just come and we can find a party ? 	0
 .  .  .  im hungry again	1
and i am the third wheel	0
get too relax all day until work	0
lee jihoon and kyuhyun in one picture . 	0
i hope i retweeted the whole thing right .  im such a rookie in this twitter ish!	3
i cant deal with myself sometimes . 	1
i played with guys the other day that had a steel water bottle full of jack fire	3
i played with guys the other day that had a steel water bottle full of jack fire	5
what a great night with a great person	0
nice avi buddy	0
thats okay theyll get smacked too just wait . 	0
its 12 and me ,  summer and geo are all ready in our outfits get us to parklife	0
omggg thank you about time i had a new one	0
omggg thank you about time i had a new one	3
i swear i didnt know you worked at that one  ,  i thought it was somewhere in nola but girlllll im so happy i left today	0
lol thats a first	0
when dremond hit that three its goldennn	2
all this damn moving	2
cant have everything .  but ,  looking forward to connecting flight from frankfurt ;  back on once more . 	0
cant have everything .  but ,  looking forward to connecting flight from frankfurt ;  back on once more . 	0
its weird how rich people have kids ,  they pretty much have it good since theyre born .  "yeah like south face" you mean north west ?  ? 	0
i just wanna smoke a couple blunts & vent about life i just need someone to talk to man	1
wendy ,  come to papa	1
cheeseburger borders	0
yall be dating some broke ass niggas i cant relate	0
yall be dating some broke ass niggas i cant relate	0
this bitch is on the cans	0
i have zero memory of this	3
i have zero memory of this	5
glad nicky has found another club .  so sad but	1
glad nicky has found another club .  so sad but	4
wait what ?  cant remember huhuhu sorry! thank you jinia!	0
no problem	0
how dare you go to the movies without me today	2
#mtvawardsstar one direction 27x	3
one of my favorite episode .  enjoy	0
girls send me emojis	0
uzi snapped at the end of his	3
uzi snapped at the end of his	5
so much love for you baby girl	0
just spazzing hahahaha how bout you ? 	0
3 in the morning arnold woke me up by massaging my back lmao .  it was amazing!!	0
it was!! absolutely loved it	0
you know it	0
a thousand years christina perri	0
i just wanna sleep in	1
im not about to play with yall! #nationalshootyourshotday	0
let me get all my stuff inside and change and ill come over	0
just found out im a atycbiphobic	0
the weather is going to be nice out for my birthday just need two more outfits	1
to many rainy days	1
all four of them at just keep the music goin	3
lmao "hurting myself" i aint worried about yall 2 im worried my little sisters .  go get dominos or somethin	0
gm cat!	0
selling false hopes . 	2
selling false hopes . 	4
#np jacquees - feel it	0
neels et hailey	0
i miss my 6 pillows already	1
i just traded access to my harry follows to get britney password ,  i also have the phone number of the team to	0
my other boo favorite	1
how long you here for nigga ? 	3
cc sighting	0
that shit aint fun  ,  i stay sick	2
that shit aint fun  ,  i stay sick	4
yeah yeah i guess wyd	0
this weekend bout to be lit	0
i just rock and it just gets to squeaking	0
hi john how are you my big dream is to come to the my country of (jordan) because im from jordan	0
bitches be hating but sometimes u need that to know your ah boss oh yup	0
work in 12 hours . 	0
evdys tweeting about the same girls prom photos too fkn funny	0
natural beauty	0
grateful i have you to tag me in these	0
just got dorm	1
yep and i think so .  all the devices i use ,  anyhow	0
i know you know i know how to make you jealous	0
i mean ,  yay dinner and vidss ,  but boooooo to it being dead . 	1
this one discovered that she can play music on her phone through computer speakers	0
somebody in jail	0
good morning . 	0
thank you naomi i think i might do it	0
thank you naomi i think i might do it	1
happy release day who has downloaded #wanderlust ? 	0
it helps get us thru hiatus	0
i hope they will follow you .  .  . 	0
noo still there	2
noo still there	4
what songs ?  ?  tell the names maybe i like them	0
always craving hummus	0
i do reckless things when im left alone	1
pops e & band groovin out the rest of this sunday night	0
still want pizza	1
oh beau! thanks so much for listening and loving	0
people are so childish its ridiculous	0
im so creeped out	1
get a job testing trainers .  .  .  get me one too!!	2
go for it you can do it	2
yeah me too it has made me distrust every player now	1
done a few tweets for the day .  time to disappear for another week	0
he look so cute in that shark outfit	0
7am tom	0
hy your twitter profile is not active as u guyz are on #facebook & #instagram . 	1
ugh ok im up now	1
oh okay then im here for it	0
oml youre so beautiful and i love you and dev im here for yall whenever!!	0
oml youre so beautiful and i love you and dev im here for yall whenever!!	1
such a good day	0
me & liz have been talking ot phone for 2 hrs bc we cant ever sleep	0
thnx	0
yesterday was good really happy with them even hanye sehari je di kedah gege	0
i mess up everything	1
im on my way	0
#tosemnamorarmas tenho netflix .  .  . 	0
i really wish i looked more hispanic	0
im so over it literally i would kill for your hair stfu rn ill fight you im so mad	0
miss you too pretty girl	0
lol .  those were the dys when the air was clean & sex was a dirty word . 	3
there will be collabs/features in new album ?  if yes .  .  .  with who ?  ? 	0
cant wait to get out tonight	4
screw your flat lazy ass whore	1
brandon is already wild on a daily basis so i can already imagine him at wftn	0
you better not thats so disrespectful look at how far back her hair is	1
you better not thats so disrespectful look at how far back her hair is	1
ive been waiting all day for a "jane and friends" joke	0
i would wish you good luck but you wont need it ,  youll be fine	0
i can use a vanilla latte right now	1
im so lucky to have you too i love you so much	0
just let me know the day!	0
i know!	5
i would buy that foundation but they test on animals	1
someone hang out tonight	1
craving panda express	1
so my parents somehow "accidentally" burned a box full of baby clothes ,  toys ,  blankets ,  and a bouncer .  it wasnt even closed .  wtf	2
ah babe .  .  . get well soon .  .  . its due to our fantastic summer weather not lol take care xx	0
ive been entertained as hell by myself today	0
youre the reason for my happiness .  please ,  follow me x10 , 466	0
youre the reason for my happiness .  please ,  follow me x10 , 466	0
can you rt this link (below) ,  please ?  thanks!	0
youre so gorgeous #jelly	1
youre so gorgeous #jelly	0
if i sing you a love song awww ang cute ni bagets na kumakanta #tvk3goodvibes	0
if i sing you a love song awww ang cute ni bagets na kumakanta #tvk3goodvibes	0
say whaaaat! got that retweet from yellow claw	0
kise poner nique	2
kise poner nique	5
1st diljit & now alia! can never get over ik kudi! babes rocked it again! all praises! you go girl alia! lots of…	0
"wtf youre acting like how i used to be well you dont like it right bitch	2
"wtf youre acting like how i used to be well you dont like it right bitch	4
im trying to eat so please just stop yo shit i dont want my nigga like him something you need to understand	0
hell no go look at my lrt before and youll see why i said that	0
hell no go look at my lrt before and youll see why i said that	2
hell no go look at my lrt before and youll see why i said that	4
okay yea that part was great	0
free greedy & kobe	2
i want to dye my hair this summer	0
tn bout to interesting	0
i aint friendly if ion know you or fwy dont speak  ,  dont even make eye contact  .  ill walk right past you keep a sraight face on yo	0
real nigga g-day in 6 days	0
ffs how is it already friday night ? ! one week in portsmouth was not enough oh well ,  i have bigger fish to fry (ha)	1
they so cute . 	0
yea right!	1
yea right!	1
omfg!!!! youre such a goddamn savage ,  i love it!!!! these are great ,  keep em comin .  im dying over here	2
omfg!!!! youre such a goddamn savage ,  i love it!!!! these are great ,  keep em comin .  im dying over here	0
this cant end well	0
no fun .  .  might consider watching #belirl instead	0
happy birthday	0
not whenever youre here all night and by yourself a lot	1
oh no	5
such a pleasure to speak about screenwriting at the summit! thank you for having me . 	0
you need to see pre-order on itunes #besomebodymo…	2
happy birthday bro!	0
you so pretty miss talking to you!	0
you so pretty miss talking to you!	0
louis thank you for everything you do you deserve all the happiness in the world i love you x59 , 313	0
adjusted	1
yes maam . 	0
getting blazed in my wheel	2
kelly oubre	0
omg everybody went so hard	1
thanks! & for real i feel like we are getting old too quick	0
i want some fish & fries and coleslaw	1
i want some fish & fries and coleslaw	1
i want sleep like princess but end up like a squirel	0
i dont even know hot to flirt like ill just be like hey but deep down im like hey boo	0
i cant lie tho lowkey im a fan	0
i will never argue with someone over somebody i already had you can have emm	0
once you know	0
now i go every week to my doctors counting down the days till i meet you little guy	0
idk i just got the notification for it and you tweeted that earlier too but ehh ,  whats up ? 	0
its so hard for me to let new people in	0
the man god has for you may not drive a beamer ,  benz or bentley! he maybe in a beat up pick up doing a lil light hauling on the side!	0
wohooo yes please would love one for my nephew hes football mad	0
i leave in 24 hrs and im not even packed .  .  or anywhere near ready  . 	1
that picture of josh & bri  ,  is priceless	0
i miss all of my friends	1
ima be doing that shit all summer 16	0
holy hell i cant believe britain left the eu	3
holy hell i cant believe britain left the eu	5
yes always but tommy lee jones was a++++ too!	0
as long as the 3 ball is dropping gs will win .  if true 3s were all 2s theyd be down by 10	0
curry needa keep dat mouthpiece in his mf mouth damn mo	0
#youthday2016 we are the future the future is us #254	2
make sure i enjoy these 7 days i got left	0
next .  .  .  this one is papa day	0
i have 53 snapchat streaks .  add me on the snap antoniughh if you want to start one w me	0
i wanna be with you baby	0
like the park or something	0
thanks so much	0
i told yall lebron suck	0
youre welcome boo	0
i wanna go back to living in my own apartment stressful yes but i was way more independent ,  motivated and hard working .  .  . 	1
oh lord	0
yea .  .  .  payet doesnt create any chances  .  .  . 	0
bro maggie is keeping me up	1
and of course right in the middle of my pics downloading  ,  my computer has to do an update!	2
happy birthday love you girl	0
happy birthday love you girl	0
something we do all the time #takeawaybeachparty !!!!!!!! 9th july sajuna beach club	0
something we do all the time #takeawaybeachparty !!!!!!!! 9th july sajuna beach club	0
coffee ,  friend .  i havent missed you since finals week . 	2
coffee ,  friend .  i havent missed you since finals week . 	5
// youre pretty and youre real active on my tl but idk you ,  hope to see you around next year	0
// youre pretty and youre real active on my tl but idk you ,  hope to see you around next year	0
i get out the shower & lay back down cus ion be feeling like getting dress thats why i be late to work	1
waiting for my lolas text	0
please get a good and enough rest soon boys .  dont exhaust yourself too much . 	1
the really annoying one ? 	0
i just want a chill girl man .  i want to just smoke some weed and get high and watch disney movies with tbh	0
honestly ,  that next sunday when you left they had every single person that does church come in it was sketchy	0
to put another subwoofer in my car or not hmmm	0
i miss him already	1
i miss him already	1
itd make my day if taxi cab confessions was on	0
the algerian flags	0
heheh blogs are one of my obsessions	0
thanks for putting me on	0
i cant wait to see this movie	5
we just gotta come see you in houston . 	3
hers is the best ,  hands down!!	0
mind your business dont be liking my other tweets	3
mind your business dont be liking my other tweets	0
lol .  u had me there for a second	0
where did u find colors ?  i only saw black and white	1
energy is contagious	4
imma watch the parkers till i fall asleep	3
miss my sister from another mister	1
not even joking ,  that tweet saved my life	1
meh .  .  i dont want sportscentre ,  i wanna watch the rest of the & game *sigh*	4
its going to be a long day	2
its going to be a long day	4
if you say something at least own up to it	0
bitches get mad when you try to give them some wisdom screenshots dont hurt my feelings they may hurt yours though	0
bitches get mad when you try to give them some wisdom screenshots dont hurt my feelings they may hurt yours though	0
up early need a workout	0
lmao you better gone cause you really smoke them	1
lmao you better gone cause you really smoke them	1
i wake up 2 hours before i have to leave for work at 4	0
no problem cody . 	0
i know .  to think they just wanted to go out for a good time with friends and not knowing the hell that would take place . 	1
netflix con ellos	0
aw thank you yesss we do but oh trust me i have plenty of them	0
aw thank you yesss we do but oh trust me i have plenty of them	1
bc im quite tired and i have to watch the heathens music video fully awake tomorrow morning /i hope/	0
im laughing ,  im crying it feels like im dying . 	0
the 750s  ? 	3
ohhh .  poor baby .  thats ouchie . 	4
all i want is booty pics and food	1
but shes not racist tho ?  ?  ?  ? 	0
glad i can not wear a bra and my boobs sit up like i have on one!	0
my father came inna back yard & it took him 10 minutes to see me	0
go on england! #rugby #englandvaustralia	2
send more emojis  ,  if youre up	3
im so having either sushi or burger tonight	1
i love you	0
what am i supposed to be doing if not revision ?  i have no purpose	1
seeeaanny i miss yo ass we needa come kick it at jayv whenever you come back again ! see yo ass soon:red_heart:️	1
you seem cool	0
you seem cool	0
am i the only one who hates wet dreams ?  makes you do "things" with someone you dont even like	2
am i the only one who hates wet dreams ?  makes you do "things" with someone you dont even like	1
if you have a wet nose your ok .  feeling ruff are you have a good day	0
errrr feel soooooo sick	1
errrr feel soooooo sick	4
piercings are cute ,  yes .  but ordinary mosquito bite i cant deal	3
piercings are cute ,  yes .  but ordinary mosquito bite i cant deal	5
mood acura	0
please check dm kocham cię and i got there a special question for you dont worry	0
please check dm kocham cię and i got there a special question for you dont worry	0
awwww manman i miss u already ugly long head ass:face_with_rolling_eyes: .  .  . 	1
awwww manman i miss u already ugly long head ass:face_with_rolling_eyes: .  .  . 	0
he did not just call me by my first name	3
he did not just call me by my first name	5
if trump being president means no more interracial dating than he prolly gon have to bounce #notreallyintowhitegirlsso…	2
u know how we rockin	2
got7 icons	3
nice congrats	0
im willing to give it a go ,  if you are .  .  . 	2
im willing to give it a go ,  if you are .  .  . 	5
she gets better with time like the taste of wine	0
your excused	0
haha its okay you said happy birthday and thats all that matters	0
haha its okay you said happy birthday and thats all that matters	0
how can she possibly remain she led her party to failure	0
oh i have but you guys are cool catfish so i leave you be	0
thats chick getting a bit more nervous now haha	0
ndeee morning	0
quaresma would have scored that #por #euro2016 #porisl	1
you already knew	0
that sonic just gave me so much life	1
i swear a nigga cant get no type of love	1
ok alcohol was definitely involved	3
this handsome b*tch still not replying to me i love you jacob	0
this handsome b*tch still not replying to me i love you jacob	1
im already done with today and its not even over yet .  .  .  . 	3
the suspension will be lifted if #ita goes to the final and beats whoever they face	0
i got trust issues mayne	4
#weloveyoureyna #staystrongreyna #veranomtv2016 5 seconds of summer	1
so proud	1
picked up a shift for tomorrow which is a morning shift but cant sleep & cramping	1
weve got payet but not for long after that goal	0
i really die on the inside during that "im mad at you" period . 	1
i really die on the inside during that "im mad at you" period . 	4
he only text me when he want something	0
free of what	3
already miss mrs .  julie . 	1
rishtas ,  fewer crap bollywood movies .  and best of all ,  imagine the cricket team!! 3/3	0
- i love superhero .  . i dont care what they do as long as i see them	0
im not responsible for anyone elses happiness .  except my own of course	0
today is the day that my bestfriend leaves me to go to basic training & its also her birthday . 	1
like	0
like	4
this is a good ass game #nbafinals2016	3
that performance of defying gravity was amazing	0
dont u just love running 101 fever all day non stop ? 	0
i love you too	0
hey thanks!!	0
you off for the weekend	3
yas girl!! ill be on the look out	3
when we kiss im in euphoria	1
again ,  thank you!	0
love it! thanks tagging #sundayfunday	0
love it! thanks tagging #sundayfunday	0
every true edm lover needs an edm lover as a lover	0
i didnt make the tweet .  its just fitting	3
dnt get mad if the nxt person doin a better job than you	0
i like staying in the house when it look all cloudy & rainy	1
need a new tape	1
tired of waiting .  .  .  life is boring without a special someone .  #nopatience i look around and its so much easier for everyone else . 	0
gonna miss the city so much	1
this hoe fucked up my nails	2
this hoe fucked up my nails	4
kobe can	0
sad that there isnt a podcast this week .  im blaming you .  .  . because reasons .  have a wonderful day ,  sir . 	0
but im so tired to the point my eyes watering	1
say you swear	0
im gonna go finish watching parasite	2
i need to find a second job asap	1
aye at least were gunna be in shape	0
muvico dead wrong for these salty behind nachos	2
muvico dead wrong for these salty behind nachos	4
cant believe all dads are 2016 years old today	3
cant believe all dads are 2016 years old today	5
i be making sure everybody havin a good time	0
today i may be getting a phone ,  i hope so .  i miss snapchat and instagram	0
coming home to packages is like christmas	0
- he was making me decidedly nervous	0
thank you for making me a better person you bring so much love & positivity into my please follow x12 , 200	0
thank you for making me a better person you bring so much love & positivity into my please follow x12 , 200	0
dont tell me you had & cup of with out me!! you wait to i get back lol	0
dont tell me you had & cup of with out me!! you wait to i get back lol	5
hahaha ofcourse not!! because you r my buah hati	0
mori	0
i hate the call from the boss saying i fucked up and cost the shop money . 	1
almost done with this manuscript	0
wth who said that ? 	1
ju im finna be so fucked up	1
rager	0
i play too much i gotta stop	0
all night by beyoncé is my song	0
drank nothing but water since tuesday and im surprisingly ok with it	3
my dad will wake me up for sahur ,  have me doing his stuff .  then 10 minutes to time he will say .  "dama ba ka ci abinci ba ? "	0
no text back thats nice	0
lmaoo yall geek	0
congrats .  and you didnt suddenly turn 40 ,  you "evolved" into 40 . 	0
congrats .  and you didnt suddenly turn 40 ,  you "evolved" into 40 . 	0
it was so fun especially the mayo	0
just finished sons of anarchy	1
it no problem she off again in august	0
lol my nightmare was having super thin eyebrows	0
my cousins boyfriends driving scares the fuck out of me	1
caught the subtweet	0
otherwise we are in a good location! #comeon #happysunday	4
proud of my son	0
sorry .  .  .  12 . 	0
thanks donna - having a lovely day xxxx	0
bitch i hit the mail man today	3
bitch i hit the mail man today	5
this makes me laugh cause we do roast you	0
my pleasure jasminka ~ thought it might accompany your dog with cat tweet xx	0
oooh nice	0
thank you chick!! xxx	0
i need to put derrick & mirah in a group chat cause i keep sending them the same thing but separate	0
trying to stay positive	1
yeah! let me know whenever youre free & you can show me around the area haha	0
how can i explain a "penis hat" to someone im sending nudes to ? 	0
not allowed when youre as busy & important as me	0
no prob	0
the pothole!	0
still u doe	0
still u doe	0
aint no joking when i dont fck w . you like that	5
my brothers girl straight took his car keys smh wtf and shes not even driving the car	0
i hate that shit	2
i hate that shit	4
miracle in cell no 7 proves that justice is indeed injustice .  that was sad	1
where lol i be everywhere	3
sooo cute	0
hello philly	0
i want pakoray samosay roll jalebi fruit chat channa chat aur nuggets aur fries bs for aftari	0
what happened to all of the active fanfic writers ? 	1
i really agree with you rian	1
cant wait to see you	0
this show so stupidd its funny	0
it would be awesome if we could see the person singing	0
son im bouta get off of twitter	2
i been outta formation	1
im low key annoyed with you right now .  .  . 	2
im low key annoyed with you right now .  .  . 	4
ikr wonwoo is now waiting for him	2
if you love me youll flood me with calum photos . 	1
lol good luck teacher ron! dont forget giving tricks to your students for the test	0
ion need nobody	4
yall some cry babies	0
i use to look forward to watching the bet awards shit boring na	0
you laughing at people is the best .  ever .  grace	3
lmao who brother  ?  this sounds like #oomf	0
• • ty for rt-ing ,  lets be friends	0
• • ty for rt-ing ,  lets be friends	1
calling you soon cause i got lots to tell you!	0
come down to miami to party with & me when im down there .  coming too…	0
if i wouldnt of worked i wouldve been having a water balloon fight rn	1
gym at 6 am i would die yes! born and raised here	0
turned espn on the exact moment hit one out of the park .  i guess im good luck	0
chahal just bowled a beauty! waller had no idea about that delivery!	0
thanks bby	0
i have to send a picture with my cv for this job in a bakery and im really struggling	3
hi jake	0
rookie	0
i feel like i got no sleep	2
i feel like i got no sleep	4
the new guy subway is	3
i never watch the bet awards on time i watch it a day later i never catch it	1
i rlly dont be having nobody to joce around this time	1
dkad sec & incmedia bureau .  .  .  .  .  .  . maybe .  still deciding if i should	0
thanks patti	0
i cant cuz i got a 6-foot maknae daunting over me already	1
your avi so cute but we used to be close af but you know shit changes	0
cant believe it	1
no wonder people love quickscoping xd but im sitting here thinking "how did i do that! ? "	0
the day i smoke a joint w is the day im having kids w home boy lol	0
much better than chloe in my opinion	0
happy birthday baby boy!	0
awan has already unfollowed me so no restriction of doing conversation on tl	0
blood excites and drives me crazy just like dracula i really dracula! #draculafeels	0
blood excites and drives me crazy just like dracula i really dracula! #draculafeels	0
yeah i guess i couldve just said that	0
i dont have to be me till monday	0
gotta go to va soon and see trey	0
i get bored asfff when oomf goes to sleep	1
hi bish! anong tone ang gamit mo sa luminous foundation of becca cosmetics ?  and sa too faced born this way ?  please please!	0
put the devil to the side i got an angel on my shoulder .  . 	0
sorry to butt in but same	1
morning arisa .  .  . 	0
i wish i could run up & kiss you or tell you i like you .  and after that everything would be normal but it doesnt work like that	1
well it seems like #nationalshootyourshotday was a success	0
its lil deedee lol wat it do	2
its lil deedee lol wat it do	0
baekhyun once said he couldnt swim .  but puppies are good at swimming dont they ?  baby pup	0
i do not feel good at all .  .  .  .  but i needa go to workouts but i feel like imma throw up	1
my fave colour is green .  but wow .  just .  wow .  #troopingthecolour	0
and you make me happy too so im glad i could return the favor babe	0
you the new drake at night	0
wow this pic is amazing .  ur body is so damn hot i get hard immediately	0
i see him saturday!!	0
thanks amy	0
ikr ?  ?  ?  we didnt want to take the photo man ,  pero nag insist tong employee	0
ikr ?  ?  ?  we didnt want to take the photo man ,  pero nag insist tong employee	4
ikr ?  ?  ?  we didnt want to take the photo man ,  pero nag insist tong employee	0
todays just been after	0
todays just been after	4
yall .  get out of my dms	1
i only get chinese food with zakk because he lets me eat all the fortune cookies	0
i bet the girls are laughing at us trying to guess their secret collab	2
why do i feel amaechi is somewhere plotting how to deal with kachikwu and one of you have given him a proposal ? 	0
just landed in israel #birthrightisrael	0
im so down	1
there is nihin worse than watching someone trying to be funny #cringe	3
there is nihin worse than watching someone trying to be funny #cringe	5
askip 0-0 #poraut	1
the brothers grimsby	0
bihhh i cant with u	0
im all on the side	0
tired as hell and i gotta work	1
some one super bass with me at the talent show next year	0
not even texting back to your shit	0
hahah lame shit	0
because you came in my mentions	1
check your email when you get a chance only for your ears only though please ? !	0
thanks	2
debating about tomorrow now	3
this guy seems to be popping everywhere on my feed  .  i approve	0
yep anastasia lipsticks are amazing!	0
you cuffed  ? 	0
guess ill be spending the 4th alone  .  .  .  .  .  again	1
waii i miss you	1
thanks ben	0
#wentworthprison back on tonight same time as love island though!!	3
pimples again	1
wtf ?  i am so sorry hon ,  thats horrible!!	3
wtf ?  i am so sorry hon ,  thats horrible!!	5
love you ,  too!	0
i really feel bad about not able to join . 	1
thanks!	0
lets get new movie to no .  1!!! #besomebodymovietonumber1 #besomebodymovie i love you matt please follow 100	0
lets get new movie to no .  1!!! #besomebodymovietonumber1 #besomebodymovie i love you matt please follow 100	0
it is a pretty great picture	0
a finding dory movie date is necessary	0
in need of new friends	1
oops #uefaeuro2016	3
you go before me ,  my guardian	0
quavo was wearing a shawn michaels shirt one time! i need that shit	1
if roy just said "we learnt a lot from that defeat and we will be stronger for it" he could of kept his job until 2019 . 	0
having a good time in colorado but i really miss my fur babies	1
still got love for the lightskin leaders of the new school .  .  but you cant be losing in the clutch dawg	1
followed	0
well done chaps	0
well done chaps	0
must be fckn nice	2
must be fckn nice	4
hi man ! how are you ?  plz can you follow me ?  all the love .  -1 . 138	0
youre lucky people havent found your new twitter account or youd be attacked slut	0
i wanna talk to you all i might need some phone numbers soon!	0
love you both	0
i had to bro	0
nerves are shot & patients is worn out	2
nerves are shot & patients is worn out	4
you have lots of laughter ㅋㅋ something that describe you	0
haha ,  that makes more sense i suppose .  theque threw me	0
well its more than just locals but thank you	0
highlighterheaven	0
3 hours and 45 minutes we lit	1
wait wait ,  #leave is winning ?  this is not a drill folks ,  brace the world .  here goes the financial turbulence	3
i want that 3d brush .  now	2
i want that 3d brush .  now	5
netflix and chill on your own ? 	1
i danish	2
mansion elan is like that bihh you shouldve hit and quit but you keep going back cause it was so lit	0
and promoting the benefits of #coconutoil - have seen my new programme plans ?  ?  x	0
awwww ,  thank you for the shout out . 	0
it is confusing if youre not in it ,  so much has happened in the last few hours and im honestly so dissapointed in my country	1
lets act like none of these people werent in my phone trynna get me to be their friend again	0
nhl (hockey) the stanley cup just happened .  (penguins won yay) but yesterday and today was draft pick . 	0
nhl (hockey) the stanley cup just happened .  (penguins won yay) but yesterday and today was draft pick . 	0
spent a half a mill like fuck it	0
hate you	0
you washed that car for nothing	0
lets see 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 67 , 8 , 9 players on the pitch sterling do you need a pair of glasses ? 	2
i booked my ticket officially 5alas sudan here i come	1
oh ,  i do! i like helping out however i can . 	0
geo political strategies in the asian pacific rim .  .  .  .  .  .  nah just kidding i know u wanna cum a bunch more	0
evans kideros s fist flying to sonko s face	1
i really hate feet  .  idc if you think you have nice feet i will go crazy if ur feet touch me	4
i really treat him like a baby doll	1
16th 11 nights	0
16th 11 nights	3
16th 11 nights	5
wed just have to die together because i wouldnt make it 5 full steps .  pointless lol and youd have to watch me die . 	1
baby ,  this fluffy mushroom is hiding something from you	3
lmfao chill only when im drunk . 	2
lmfao chill only when im drunk . 	4
that movie messed up my brain	3
that movie messed up my brain	5
that movie messed up my brain	1
lol atreue what happened last couple times u dueled me in pvp  ? 	2
noooooo! not today pls	0
swear	0
he grinding fr  ,  but i see you baby	2
he grinding fr  ,  but i see you baby	5
thanks baby	0
okay ,  belgium gonna win #belita #euro2016 #bel #ita	0
okay ,  belgium gonna win #belita #euro2016 #bel #ita	0
i want something fried	0
i miss you too bbygirl	0
so very sad to hear about this tragic event .  .  . now you can sing with the angels! rip christina ,  you will be sorely missed . 	1
yall i squeaked n if yall cant hear it yall crazy	3
lazy shit	0
lazy shit	0
 so im re get bac up find us some too throw on & throw iht on	3
look at ju now ,  in love wit a hittaa	0
#monsoonmadness go through an old photo album .  . the monsoon showers set the perfect mood to reminisce the old sweet memories	0
our days are truly numbered	1
 ;  youre welcome	0
yes thiem great win	2
apple not falling far from tree .  .  . 	1
i know you probably wont see this but ,  my birthday is tmr and i would love it if you could wish me a happy birthday	0
girls are some comedians ,  lemme tell you	0
bored out of my mind lol .  dont really know what im supposed to do at home	0
im missing you	1
im over a lot of things and a lot of people	0
thanks mr pi	0
the most sad thing is youre not doing well during your study week ,  because you dont feel good	1
u so fine i had missed u	0
that way im never late	0
you cool people fs and better do mines too or we boxing	0
do you think this is a game ?  answer my damn call nigga	2
i miss you	2
